What to expect, just like setting the objectives of a cause to help students appreciate what to look forward to. What are we to expect in this convention? First I'd like us to know that God is with us as individuals and it's one encounter I had that torn my life around. God said to me, you are absolutely responsible for the outcome of your life. And it was speaking to me from my Zafiq to one, and verse one to three, look to your brother, your father, so that I call him a lone and I bless them. It struck such a chord in my heart for the four years ago. I became my way of living. I am responsible for the events of my life. I have no one to blame if I fail. For instance, God does not save groups in saves individuals. There is no group salvation. God so loved the world, He gives them forgiveness and a rule so ever individual believes in Him, shall not perish, but have everlasting life. God does not empower groups in powerless individuals. And clothing tongues as a fire came upon each of them, each, each of them. And He has Cornelius, when the last Aceptor took us two to four in the House of Cornelius, the Holy Ghost came upon them that hard the world, not all that were present. At 1044, it came upon them that hard the world. The world does not enter into groups. The entrance of the world into level religious gives light. 119, verse 130. You can have 1000 people in the service, and two people gain access, or the word gain access into two people. The entrance of the world gives light. The spirit of the world does not enter groups, it enters individuals. feel it and turn into me when you speak onto me and say to me for my feet is here chapter two verse two. I like us to be strong play individualistic in our disposition to God. It makes all the difference forever. Be very person in your walk with God. I was in a conference in 1970 that's quite some time and I got baptized with the grace for patience and now I needed that for line because faith requires patience for maximum delivery. Patience without apprehension, without anxiety, full of assurance kind of patience, God cannot like it may be slow in coming but it's coming. Free is God. It's very strong. The only thing I took away is God is not slow and it entered my entire being and settled my life as a young child. I was in a conference and the world was going forth from second Corinthians chapter three if that's what we were doing and the breath of life I think came upon my life and I had sparks in my system. I can't remember anything. Now breath is coming across you tonight. The first Adam was made a living soul but second Adam a quickness spirit. A quickness spirit. I sat in the church many years ago and I had the priest reading from John chapter six, verse 48 to 58. I said Jesus came down and saying it by himself. My eyes got opened to Holy Communion which had become one of my the stickings of my strength. It was in the church but I was visiting. Please set yourself a person and can't ask me. My God. Among the things he told me that the same way came out from the grave. I'm breathed on them. That is how to get to breath on the congregation. And he said for that breath it receives it and a quickness is body. If the spirit that comes from the dead, dressing you, he does it from the dead. I also quickened your motor body. So that breath quickens our motor system and fuels his life into it. So be personal in your expectation. Be personal in your position. This is one event you will leave to the member because something will be told loose in your life. We have always said the expectation of what says the face for his manifestations. What we don't expect. We don't experience every intervention or manifestation of heaven. We said the stage for you by our expectation. If I remember talking to him of his government having been who expectation. She did. I was made who. It's like Jesus passing by today. I must get my side back. But we must have said and we don't decide. Expectation is God's wish dumb towards realizing our desired destination. My son ate our whole name for it is good. And the whole the whole to swear to God's taste. Prove up to 24, 13, 14. So shall the knowledge of wisdom be to the soul? And when does found it? There shall be a world. And the expectation shall not be caught up. So expectation is the wisdom of God for realizing our desired destination. So set your expectations in order. And the beautiful thing. Lord, all these as contrary expectation of you can turn to your own expectations. The Joshua lived by his faith. And what is faith? The softness of things as back dead hoped for. Our issue expectation that makes you not their expectation. That they wish you dead. Those don't make make you dead. No wish yourself. Leave. I use their life. What are we to expect? We go through a few of these tonight. And then have the introduction message. Praise God. All of my times out with Jesus. While we were set objectives. And by grace, I had the tongue with those objectives realized. So we need to set objectives. We need to know where we're coming, what we're looking at. When I read that scripture, he said, 37. And I saw the breath of God came upon the people. And the mighty hosts are rules on to go. I said, look, I must find out the secret behind the book of physics. So I went on a 3D adventure in prayer and fascinance such. And they thought they had those people to mean for my not asking to all together. Behold, after your tongue with the cool of fire, from henceforth, as you see it, that step my spiritual authority up. Set objectives, all right. Lord, I'm preparing to step out into ministry as you have called me. What and what do I need? For this, I had the tongue with what I call by a month of transfiguration experience. Divas and cantas set in the stage for a great tomorrow for ministry. And that's not started. Set objectives. What is this trying not growing? Heavens came down in the 3D prayer and faster, stand up and follow me, real life. Resolute the Christ, Lord of all. And open this ears, for life, transforming principles or instructions that's growing the church tomorrow. Tonight, we're going to be about 160 locations in legal at this convention. And tens of thousands around the country, locations. And across one for the three nations, from one in cantas. To better come a week, and let objectives be where it's set, a reach out to see them come true. God never lies. It's the same yesterday, to the unforever, that's Jesus. When He came out from the grave, the veil and the temple was torn in twain, providing free access to the treasures behind the veil, expect to see the veil covering your eyes from assessing the mission of the Kingdom of God, taking off. That is free access to the world of revelations. Receive that in the name of Jesus. From this convention on, the Bible will not look like Greek to you anymore. You not only be feeding, you be feasting, you be feasting on the wall. It would be more delicious to know that you're best made. To be turning the world to flesh in your life by a reason of clarity of revelations. Matthew 27 was 15. Jesus, when he cried again with a loud voice, you did not be ghost, and behold the veil of the temple was torn in twain from the top to the bottom, and the undead quick, the rocks reigned, and the graves were open, and many bodies of the saints which slept arose. 53. And came out of the grave after his resurrection, come and see the resurrection power, and went to the holy city, and appeared unto many. Now, if you check Isaiah 25, and verse 6 and 7. And in this month, a lot of hosts make a feast unto all people, a feast of fathens, a feast of fathens full of marble, of wine on the leaves, well-defined, he would destroy in this month in the face of the covering cast over all people, and the veil that is spread over our nations, and verse 8. And they will swallow up death in victory. It takes the veil, been taken off, for death to be swallowed up in victory, for the graves to be opened. So whatever grave the wicked as put to into, it at all is open to light, and will remain open for life. You will never be found in the grave anymore. Your career will not be found in the grave anymore. Your destiny will not be shot up in the grave anymore. Second Corinthians 3 and verse 14. But their minds were blinded for until this day, they made that the veil on taking away in the reading of the Old Testament, which veil is done away in Christ. But even until this day, when Moses read the videos upon their hearts, now verse 15, but nevertheless, when it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. And every one who has turned is alive to Jesus, the veil is no longer permitted. So the veil is taken away from lives. And your grief is declared open. Let me hear your louder, say, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Number two is spread raw and contest with the power of resurrection, and within funny approves in science, wonders, and diverse miracles, expect raw and contest with the power of resurrection. Number two is spread raw and contest with the power of resurrection. Number three is spread raw and contest with the power of resurrection. by many infallible proofs based in of them forty days are speaking of the things that are in the Kingdom of God. Resurrection is the mystery behind the greatness of his power. Every genuine counter with that power brings about size, wonders and diverse miracles that cannot be denied, that cannot be denied. Those disciples are trying counter without power and they say that a notable miracle has been done by the hand, we cannot deny it infallible. Expects that encounter. I know God's power is domiciled in his world. As is what is going forth, his power has been released. So expect that power of resurrection to be released into your life and to bring about on the nigh but size and wonders in your life. And I can allow this, you may. Paul was praying, he said that the answer for nothing will be enlightened, that we may know what is the greatness of his power towards or should believe. I go into his mighty power with a rot in Christ when he received from the dead. God's mighty power anchors on his resurrection. You are coming out. Number three is bet all your enemies to surrender to you through encounter to the power of resurrection. Psalm 66 verse three, the word says, say unto God, our terberdow and then walks through the greatness of the power, shall die enemies or miss themselves. That brings us power and cause all resurrection. It causes our enemies to surrender to us because when he rose from the dead, we were raised to get out with him. I made to see to get out with him in heavenly places. Far above all principality and power and might and dominion and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that winter call. So the bowels expect all your enemies arousing your life to come bowing themselves. Let me have your loudness, amen. No power of the enemy shall take you for your right anymore. In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus. Number four, accept new, expect new chapters to open to your life through visions and revelations in this convention. Let me have your loudness, amen. Yes, amen. Expect new chapters to open up to your life through visions and revelations in this convention and it's starting tonight. If somebody is waking up in the morning into a new world. The result is I cry to visit some individuals tonight. First we will be holding the mask in the glass. We are changed. We are changed. We are changed from glory to glory into the same spirit as by the spirit of the Lord. Second Corinthians 3, 8, 10. Expect new chapters to open up to your life in this convention. Number five, expect to the tone with next level of spiritual authority that will put you in command of sense and wonders. Give them power and authority over all devils to cast them out and to kill diseases. Look now. At resurrection. at resurrection, it rest us up together with them, and made us to guard them in heavenly places with authority over all powers or might. Every name, not only in this world but also in doubt which is to call, expect your next level of authority. Jesus said all authority should happen on earth and bring it on to me. Go eat your phone. We are going in his authority. We are on that is authority. What ever has been harassing you before we bow to you now. Expect totally torn with supernatural change of totally order of testimonies. It shall be from weakness to strength, from sickness to health, from corruption to righteousness, from fear to faith, from defeat to victory, from failure to success, from mediocre critical as place, from frustration to celebration. First Corinthians 5, chapter 15, sorry, 42 to 44. So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is shown in corruption. It is raised in what? In corruption. It is shown in this honor, it is raised in glory. Expect your supernatural change of story. It is shown in weakness, but it is raised in power. It is shown in natural body. It is raised in spiritual body. It is in natural body. It is in spiritual body. Expect and fully will change on the normal changes in your life as a result of being here. I am finally number seven. No, number seven please. Expect and encounter with the soldiers in the cries that will culminate in your next level of breakthroughs. Every time it appears something comes on. Something positive comes on. And lastly, what I said I saw him. You can't seem without this story to tell. You will encounter him here. You will encounter him here. You will encounter him here. If that during the sessions or why on your own seeking the face of God, it will show up in your life. It will show up in your life. It will show up in your life. These are fundamental to expect from this convention and they shall deliver in your life in the name of Jesus. Now, where you are seated, lift up your right hand and now set your personal expectations in place. What are you looking for from within the things that I've been spoken? What is your quest? What is your desire? Give expression to expectation. We have come to this story changing platform. No, it's not here. It's reason. As I said, you know, we found an empty negative place used to be anymore. No, we are not going to be found among the sick anymore, among the confused, among the corrupt. No, no, among the oppressed, among the captives. No, it's not here. It's reason. It's reason. We have come to this story changing platform. Reach out for your deserting of study. Give it expression. Give it expression. Give it expression. In Jesus' precious name we are praying. In the name of Jesus we are praying. Praise the Lord, brethren. I believe with these seven fundamental expectations, the expectations shall not be cut off. Before the end of this Easter wave convention event is done, your testimony is going to land. The Lord shall speak unto you because you have already said your expectation.