Anybody can make anything out of his life if he's willing to pay the price for it. The busier you are, the freer you are from the evil vices of the day. The efficiency of time management makes it different between one and not. So it's not about where you are, it's about who you are and who am I. There is no country of this art. We are self-discipline. We're not acquire success. Access to the top is always at a cost. The top is open on free, but everyone has to make his way there. And the sky is so wide that no two bus ever could light. So nobody's success is the reason for anybody's success, failure. Welcome and enjoy the situation and give the Lord one more time, Abina. We've been looking at understanding the fundamentals of success. And we are on with part three of this study. And for the moment we have today, we'll be looking at the power of discipline as one of the fundamentals of outstanding success and life. If you like calling the power of self-discipline. It's also one of the core values of Covenant University. And today we'd like to just look at what it is that self-discipline offers how does it offer? One John Milton said, as the morning shows the day, so the child shows the man, you hardly have a playboy who becomes a responsible adult. Everything great starts from the root. Every great tree begins from the root, turns up a chair in a way that it will go. And when it's grown up, it will not depart from it. So you are in the best state of your life. Young people just coming into the university. You are in the most fatile season of your life, so any seed sewn into your life now secures the future. This is the most fatile time of your life. Dr. Namdi Azikui once said, give me my youth back and I will pay any price for it. With all his achievement, he wished a new better in his holidays. He will have scaled higher height. He is the most revived father of the nation today, no matter what platform you are measuring that. Give me my youth back and I will pay any price for it. Now you don't have to go shopping for a great tomorrow. Connect with the fat of life now, and you keep celebrating that tomorrow. From Ecclesiastes chapter 10, I was 5 to 18, which is a text for the month. We saw you very, we saw the case here, where servants were riding on horses, and princes were walking on foot as servants. And then the bell began to analyze what brought that about. It was a broken covenant. There are fundamentals that the prince must get acquainted with and put the work before they can occupy their rightful place. I always have a place to work, we occupy that place, who is forever. The laws of life are universal. Everybody has to breathe to stay alive. It's not enough to eat. Everyone has to go to toilet to keep his body awake and alive. You can't say to which everything you ate. So, what were the covenants broken by these princes? One lack of direction. You can never be successful without having the direction for your life. You can't be covening oneself or you can say anywhere. Don't get anywhere that way. Only those going somewhere ever get there. So you must have the direction for your life. You can't go to multiple parks and say where you can say anywhere. They believe that something is wrong those days. You must know where you are going or you are going nowhere. It's a wisdom. It's profitable to direct. They have no direction. So there's no way they can be free from frustration. Then they went on the bus 16 and I said, want to Yolanda when the king is a child. And their princes eat in the morning. Well, blessed that that will allow where their king is a son of the nubus. And their princes eat for strength and no for drunkenness. That talks about discipline. Self-discipline. No one ever fulfills destiny without this virtue. A life void of order can never make progress. That's what we're trying to look at today. The place of self-discipline in making the most of our pursuit in life. What is self-discipline? It can be defined as possessively sense of mission in the pursuit of life. You have a way to find goal and you package yourself towards actualizing those goals. You bring yourself on the composure to the unless you go. You are not just celebrating the goal. You understand the price and you are out to pay the price. Most people know what they want. Some people know what it takes. But they are not ready to give it what it takes. Paul said, always, if I pre-know the gospel, is a necessities little upon me. Self-discipline is about bringing yourself on that necessity to realize your desired goals. What is self-discipline is operating as commanding, not as convenient in your quest to achieve your goals. They might say, neither I know my team, put off our cloth, save for washing in the pursuit of their goal. They might after four or twenty-three. That is, you are just out to see your goals accomplished. Self-discipline is all about setting order over one's life, setting order over your life. The main way you should be there, doing what you should be doing without requiring any supervision. Self-discipline, therefore, is being a law to oneself in a bid to fulfill one's mission, being a law to oneself. It is living on the self-set rules, setting boundaries around one's life so as to fulfill our goals. The first Corinthians chapter 10 verse 23, the Bible says, All things are love for me, but not all things are expedient. All things are love for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any. I make my choice for what is profitable above what is acceptable. It's acceptable to go from place to place, say hello to everybody, and really love them. But our profit is it. Our profit is going about window shopping without a budget of what to buy. Our profit is going somewhere because you have to go somewhere, whether you have anything to do or not. Shakespeare says something interesting. He said, I wasted time and now time doesnt waste me. We do this enormous literature that came from him. He wasted time. With his prestigious plays in the world of literature, he wasted time. Self-discipline is a deliberate choice for what is profitable above what is acceptable. It is the efficient moneyment of oneself and time. Efficient moneyment of oneself and time. Some people's 10 years is of some others 50 years. But it is an efficient moneyment of their time. I don't have time. No, we have equal time. There is an import money given by time. I am poor at money given by time. Everybody has 24 hours. The poor, the rich, the average, above average, the excellent. The efficiency of time and money makes the difference between one and another. One of my elementals in life, very respectable man, was a great literature. He worked this way to an advanced degree, a second degree, a third degree, and became a celebrated personality at nips. I will also serve the secretary to see the government. What does dire down level? Well, no. Inverse at this time, well, that's what I did. I used to know a primary school teacher. Suddenly, we heard that he was going to the law school. How did he get there? He went to a law university correspondence course. And passed his law degree without knowing the airport. I headed on to the Nigerian law school. He left the others behind. They are still playing at you on the D3 and grobbing corn. This one is hard. Bring me another one. Somebody has left them behind. A school abroad without leaving his village. As all the prestigious law degree from London University. Now, what's on his way to the law school? Self-discipline is key to outstanding success in anyone's life. The most that is your value for time, your value for your desired goal, drives you to set rules and laws around your life. There is this interesting joke we were in London one time. My friend and my wife were going for shopping. They said we're going for shopping. I'm not going to say no. Just a moment will be there. So we got there and I said, can I excuse myself? You go for shopping. I have things going here. I was staying in the car. I have the key. I lock myself inside. The marker is running. The hiss is working. When they came back, they had to knock. I wasn't sleeping. They had to knock for me to open for them. I've drawn so much value from that time. I'm going about it. I don't have to buy anything. There's nothing I'm wearing. I didn't say anything in Nigeria. By buying somewhere else, I'm distorted the market system. Some people are going to buy and they are to say. And if everybody buy how to buy from somewhere else, then who will buy what they've said? I found out they're shopping more in Ligus, only once in my life. And that was 1990. I stood in front of a counter last, 1989, banking counter. There's nothing I want to get. I can't stand for it. Give me a check if they check the need. Or anything they need. But they can't need me. I'm not applying to Borozo. What really need me for? Life is all about you defining your values and standing by them. Time is an asset of equality. Why some invested? Multitudes, squandayed. Benjamin Franklin said, death, doubt, love, life. Invest time. Don't squandayed. For that is the stuff life is made up of. Invest your time. Don't squandayed. It's one of the characteristics of high-level self-discipline. Highly disciplined people have utmost value for time. And then devote to make the most of it. I said the self-discipline is operating without requiring supervision towards the delivery of a given task, like in the case of David. It was there with the ship keeping watch over the ship and no lion or bear can come across and destroy them. It had no supervision from any source and see how the quality of the slide became. That is the power of self-discipline. Examples that would apply to us, as young people, youth growing up, include examples of fellows like Joseph. He was 17 years when he began to face the disease of life. While this gets through, by the evident virtue of self-discipline, when part of us why I wanted to floor him, no, I can't do this and sin against God. In the prison, the most respected prisoner, Yovakomakros, whatever was done in the prison, Joseph was the doer of it. He was a youth like you. But see how decorated his destiny became. Nothing got missing in the house of Portifa. He entrusted all his assets into his hand. Self-discipline. He never attempted to flee and give up to his country. Self-discipline. He never took it out on his brothers, so even to slay every self-discipline. Think of Daniel as for these four children. You know, they were children. But the purpose in their heart, not to defile themselves against this rule, they were just unique. They were out of the box. They were not in general on the use of their days. See how decorated and distinguished the four of them became. The value of self-discipline is in estimable. Take of Nehemiah. Highly disciplined individual. You can't read this story. I'm poor the apostle. I put my body on the, I bring it into subjection. So I can achieve my goals. Self-discipline. First Corinthians 9, 20, 20, 20, 20, 26. This is why everyone is absolutely responsible for the outcome of his life. Everyone. Young people, success is not transferable. You can't inherit it. Every successful man has to earn it. This success you don't earn, you can also stay. Waiting for the inheritance of your father is selling out your destiny for a muscle of meat. If your father is a professor of renown, there is no way you can inherit that status. You try to do that. You'll be charged with impersonation. You end up in prison. That illustration shows you that no matter how accomplished your parent is not transferable to you. What you don't earn, you can also stay. A good friend of mine, Professor Julio Socogi, who said something, he said, you can't prepare the future for your children, but you can't prepare your children for the future. You can't. Many great names, with great fortune, have left here, living a fortune for their children, there's quanta before their body is composed. There's quanta before their body is composed in the grave. Finish. Begging on the straight. Because you can't keep what you don't earn. With gotten by vanity, shall diminish, boy togethered by labor, shall increase, prove up starting verse 11. It is only what you earn, the security of the future, not what somebody transferred to you. Where people of equal destiny in the faith, as many as predestinated as cold, and once he has cold, he has justified, and once he has justified, he has glorified. We are an equal destiny in Christ. The difference is how much we engage with the truth, that empowers the fulfillment of our glorious destiny. We need to engage, otherwise, to just be there. This is so important, and we must have to engage with this fact. We must have to engage with this fact. Self-discipline is a requirement for our standing accomplishment in life. And it's all about efficiency of management and efficient time management. Those two major catalysis define what we call self-discipline. And we need to make sure that, those two major catalysis define what we call self-discipline. It's efficient self-management and time management. The story was told of two high school boys. They grew up in the same environment, went to school in the same place, and now after high school, each one went his way. One was working from one fast-food store to one restaurant, another store, and after 18 years, it was still worth 7,000, 7.50 an hour. Now, its companion, one year after leaving school, had read 600 books. How many? I don't get whether it's a pamphlet or what. His read 600 books has developed capacity. By the time they made, the storyteller said they were continents apart. This other young man who has developed capacity through a voracious reading culture made possible by self-discipline was worth 200,000 an hour. The other one was worth 7.50. Jobbing from one restaurant to another and a quest of how to eat free. No if you walk in a restaurant, eat free. You have to eat or to go so it can be sure it's not poisonous. So they eat and they eat a lot. So if you are cooking with ten people, you are feeding about fifteen people, because you eat one and you have to eat regular food. Even if you are eating for free, you are all about. A center of his destiny for nothing. He had no budget for food because he eats free. Even when it's not on duty, he goes there to see how they are cooking as an experienced cook or steward. Why someone else was building capacity behind closed doors? Through the dent of self-discipline. We need to get acquainted with this that you are only classmates in school after school there are no classmates. Each one finds his class. Each one finds his class and self-discipline is what defines a limit of what class we find ourselves. My prayer this morning is a no one here who waste his youth and no one here who waste his life. It's a lot. It takes discipline to make the most of anyone's life. It takes high level discipline. You should be out of here and nobody is running after you. You can't sleep 12 hours a day. That means by the time you are 70, you are 35 years. You are unconscious 25 years. Even as somebody is sleeping only three hours. When you are eight hours, qualitative hours is left only one thought. So that's between you. Somebody is spending 16 hours. They can't get the same result. They can't get the same result. That is this month called Benjamin Franklin that had two years for my education. But we'll rather do without food and spend our money to buy books and developing the future he aspires to see. It's not enough to see the future he desire to see. It's important to be willing to pay the price to realize it. It literally taught himself how to read and write and what is a liberty, what a destiny. Today there's Benjamin Franklin Day, recognized in America. He grew to become a foremost philosopher, a diplomat, an educationist. It is such a one man. One man. Market for a day was a lab attendant who developed himself to a point where he became the envy of his professor. And that his journey recognized as a man of science. Great name out of self-discipline. Anybody can make anything out of his life if it's willing to pay the price for it. The busier you are, the flier you are on the evil vices of the day. So, it goes beyond just accomplishing your goals. It protects your life from the divorce. There are everyone who's right to take his destiny in his arm. We all know that the year is made up of only 52 weeks and the week is made up of 168 hours. The one year therefore is made up of 8,736 hours. It's not that long. No one has a million hours on us because 100 full engaged life is still less than one million hours. Let's wake up and take responsibility. The worth of any life is a function of the worth of his time. He took about any life time. What his life, his time was worth while he lived. Quality time investors usually answer as news makers. All smart time investors move from the north and the past task in their fields of individuals. That's why those who make news hardly watch them. Their time is invested making news for those to watch, to have what to watch. The playboy magazine once asked Bill Gates, we hear you don't watch TV. He said, no, I'm not immune to the loss of TV. I just try to avoid it. But I've no satellite wires passing across my house. Those who make news hardly have time to watch them. Their time is fully invested in making news that those who must watch as their own calling in life we have what to watch. Most people who stay by the news hardly have their names mentioned or that there are some people turn it on to go to bed. They wake up in the morning, maybe they want to ease themselves. What's happening in Spain again in Senegal? What's happening? What time do you not think? Someone shot their phone in the night while they are sleeping. Another will leave your silence so it can be interrupted five times a night. Hello, hello, or wrong number. It's not necessary. There is nothing extraordinary on its own. It is man's extraordinary input that makes it so. There is nothing extraordinary. Just any domain can be a success if it knows what it takes. That's what the Ziegler said. If you fail, it's your fault. If you fail, it's your fault. If you fail, it's your fault. If you fail, it's your fault. If you succeed, it's your fault. Every failure keeps blaming the successful. It's a lie. Just using some modern method we don't know. It's like, I mean, no. No. You think they're working the night for nothing? They're going for some meetings. That's where this oxygen. Okay, follow them. Follow them. You know, you're an investigator. Follow them. Someone said success is a matter of luck. Ask any failure. That's his concept. He's just lucky. There's nothing there. You know, brother David is just lucky. Okay, be as lucky as him. Walk the hours he walks. Be focused as it's focused. You'll be quality lucky. The purchasing power of success is universal. There is no developed country that makes with success. There's no developed point that makes with failure. He's paying the price anywhere you are. At the time, it's a level of success and life. There is no developed country on this earth without successful coincides. Who will have to keep life going for us? Who don't know how to make it happen? In every nation, there are money lenders and there are money followers. The money lenders are not thieves. The thieves don't lend money out. They ask where they do get it from. No. So it's not about where you are. It's about who you are and who am I? There is no concrete of this earth. We are self-discipline. We're not acquire success. Access to the top is always at a cost. The top is open on free, but everyone has to make its way there. And the sky is so wide that no two balls ever collide. So nobody's success is the reason for anybody's success. Nobody's success is the reason for anybody's failure. So stop getting angry with successful. Subscribe to the demands. And we are successful as us ever. Maybe. This is a choice to make. And is the choice of the wise. Is that a choice before you live on death? There is an cost. Choose life. Determine of the 30 and verse 19. Choose life. Choose life. Choose life. That both doubts and I see it may leave. Choose life. Choose to be part of those that make things happen. Someone has said 5 of people make things happen. 25 watch things happen. They entertain by the happenings. And if who been 70 don't know anything's happening. And that's what you have today. The race of life. You'll find 22 people playing. When Blitz Stadium in London is 85,000 capacity. And 85,000 people watching. Yeah. Oh, if I were the one straight. That man has lost two goals. If I were there, there is no one who misses. Because when I put my left bow, it will put the goalposts. Talk is cheap. So the fans are always small in the race of life. You know, life is a race. I said that you should run the race I said before you. Life is a race. But there are more spectators in every race in the field of sport. More. More. More. Your stadium there may be about 7,000 people. If it's food, there will only be still 22 people playing. You can find it. There will only be 22 people playing. Where there is food to the floor and all that doesn't matter. There will only be 2 people playing. They won't add more players because the stadium is large. Only 22 others. So we would tear that clue. Like madness. When the team loses a goal, they say good. No, no. No fan ever gets a prize. Are you aware of that? No fan has a name. His name is fan. And a fan is for fun. His name is a fan. It looks after his own hotel. But he's ticket for every game. And nobody turns with anything. Apart from sometimes it's luck. By the time they are jumping and someone gets to use his team that lost the goal, he hits you. It's a wise thing. What are you jumping? Now decide either to be a player in the race of life or a spectator. Either to be a star player or a fan. The choice is yours. If I may conclude with this, the earlier you make your choice, the better for you. Turn up a chain the way that it should go. And when it's grown up, it will not depart from it. Everyone here has potential of a first-class student. But you need the first-class attention to have a first-class. If you truly have a vision, you have more to do than the classroom demands. So, while you are done with your classroom demands, you start facing your life demands. By exploring more and more, or want to see coming your way, that's how people made the most of their life. Let me share this interesting story with you. I had some difficulty in communicating in the English language. I was in form two. I now decide that as a wetter minute. Whether you are in science or arts and liberal arts and social science, you still need to communicate your findings in case you are a researcher. You still need to communicate if you are providing services anywhere. So, boy, you better wake up and deal with this issue. So, I got a host of African writer series, and I tell you I got so motivated because a lot of those writers were people from sciences. So, I said to myself, you don't have to be in the arts to communicate effectively. I saw the other separate sequence. I saw the other separate sequence. It was a pharmacist, illiterate, matured, matured. And this was all great writers. They produced this show before, people in the core English to study. That got motivated. One, one, one, one, matured, I forgot his name, and all of those stuff. He was in mechanical engineering. What do you call him? T.M. Maluku. Or something. Oh my God, all of them, man. After reading them too, man, I became a watchsmith. I could put walls together at any instance by belly-myself out of that predicament. No one has ever written any speech for me in my life, or any keynote address. I write, I edit, and it's out. I brought myself out of that situation, at a tender age. It's all up to you. Every quality investment today yields dividends for you tomorrow. So get into it. Get into it. I made the most out of it. The privilege to have here at Covenantto University is the opportunity to learn to make the most of your life. If you ask me what is behind your mind when you put the word life matrix in the funny philosophy lines of the university. I made learning to live, learning to lead, living a calculated life, identifying the constants and noting the diverse variables. What do you remember this? Like my story about the mathematics of life, know what to want, and identify what it takes together. A process of solving the complex problems in the adventure of life. I made the calculus of life understanding the processes and procedures towards impactful living. And that we achieved from the TMC platform from the TTG platform from the chapel services. Because this is all about life. It's not about religion. It's about going to temple and switch to them or the walls of this life. It's about life. Everything about life is in this book. That's what you made. That is your major plus at Covenantto University. What is life much? It's about learning to solve problems learning to impact the world around you. Programming and the program with the human presence for maximum impact. So it's all about the packaging you for a meaningful life, for profitable life. That's where they are from. I call it engineering, engineering, math, brain, for exploits. I don't have more inside you than you ever imagined. And this is how to tap into what things you have inside you. Many of you before you are out of this university you already making rounds. None of you will drop off. None of your destiny will hit the rock. But be discipline enough to know who to walk with. And to disconnect from. Be discipline enough to quickly respond if there are things going on in your room that can destroy your destiny. So I like to leave the room why I can't understand what's going on here. And I remember this and I know who I am. I won't mess up my destiny here. Do I really want life to live? Don't waste it and don't let anybody help you to waste it. Let me tell you about learning to be relevant to the world around us. It's packaged as an all-round value adding program. The TMC, the TTG. It's also advantageous in your life and my life. So wake up. And enjoy the Russia. It's to help you develop self-discipline power. You go through this for four years. You live with it for life. Try not to pay child in the way that will go when it's grown up, it will not depart from it. This is your chance to define the limits of your destiny because these virtues are the forces that define the limits of one's destiny. May you receive grace today to live a highly disciplined life. Lift up your right hand to heaven. And as go for grace. To maintain a highly disciplined life. Why going through your studies here at Covenant University? Unbeyond. More importantly, unbeyond. Where you are out on vacation. You are out on IT. Maintaining a highly-level disciplined life. In the pursuit of revisions that have caught from the law, living a highly disciplined life now. Receive that grace. Receive that grace right now. And in the name of Jesus, receive that grace to live with it. In Jesus' precious name, we have prayed. Now, before we close to our void assumption that individual is here, who are yet to be saved. Until you are saved, the subject of discipline won't make any money to you because the dead don't need discipline. Spirituality unto one is saved is considered spiritually dead. Only the living can understand the place of discipline and engage with it. Moreover, life is at a risk without salvation. We had a testimony in church this week. Our little girl was captured by ritual killers. And now, the first time on the motorbike, she didn't even know where she was. There was no force about it. They just asked us some questions and whatever, we lost everything. They got them out. Got her out. And after they got to the place, they took her upstairs to make the chama or whatever. And they looked at the gas and said, no, that's a mark on you. Therefore, please anyone to trouble you. It was a mark. The previous Sunday was an anointing service and the mother had anointed this student. That's a mark on the forbids anyone to trouble you. Please take her back. She got home same evening. There was a mark of exemption upon our life. Amen. That life will have been wasted for nothing. They've been looking for that child forever. I don't get it. They will have turned down to charm and make money and make whatever. But I'll say, mark. The mark of Jesus forbids assaults on your life. So he said, hide them, please. He said, the new motorbike is strong to her. The riders run to it and they are saved. If you are here this morning, you know that you are not born again. You are just part of the number. You want to be born again. You want to become a child of God. Please stand to your feet. And God bless us to do. You are surrendering your life to Christ today. Please stand to your feet and pray with you in one moment. As we close in this chap who served you. And God bless us to do. Now, that also if we had the need to dedicate their life to Christ, then off and on and on and off and on and off and on. You don't make any much out of life that way. You want to dedicate your life to Christ today and be grounded in his kingdom. Stand to your feet and pray with you. Wherever you are, stand to your feet. You want to dedicate your life to Christ today. You have your life to live. Don't look at anybody else. Just jump in and then you are free for life. God bless you. Somebody else is standing up. Stand up right now. I'm going to pray for you in a moment. And your life will be transformed forever. pray for you and then you will leave that life forever. We'll just stand please in the name of Jesus. God bless you. God bless you. Somebody is standing up. Stand up right now. I'm going to pray for you in a moment and your life will be transformed forever. Somebody has to get a wherever you are. You will do that quickly. Do that quickly. Jesus loves you. Jesus loves you. Can I tell you something? No spiritualist, standing person has ever been rusticated from Covenant University. That's how salvation secures destiny. Many who just come and be part of it, you know, yes, I was born by the Christian home. My father is a pastor. My mother is a reverent. You will just fall cheaply into the hands of the enemy and then destiny is dashed, not yours. Everyone standing would you please come quickly, come quickly. If you want to join them, come right now. Salvation is not a transferable virtue. It's what each one must experience. It's not an ideology, it's an experience. Come, come wherever you are, come down, come down quickly, come down quickly. This is your chance for a change of story, come down quickly, this is your chance for a change of story, come down quickly. This is your chance for a change of story, come down quickly. Don't waste your life you don't have a spear come down quickly, come down quickly, come down quickly. Being at Covenant goes now make me a Christian, come down quickly. Christianity is an experience and an encounter with Christ that transforms lives and destiny. Calm down quickly. You know, from a Christian home, it's no point. Calm down quickly, except your man is born again, he shall not see the kingdom of God. Calm down quickly. Somebody is joining them right now, calm down quickly and calm and experience the reality of redemption. Calm down quickly. Calm down. No longer a child. You are growing. But you are making waves in the light in the world. Calm down quickly and get rooted in Christ. Calm down quickly and surrender your life to Him and secure your destiny. Calm down quickly. Calm down quickly. Calm down quickly. Now, I must tell you this, if I didn't meet Jesus, I would have been gone forever. Gone forever. I'm forgotten. Gone I'm forgotten before I knew nothing. Gone I'm forgotten. One great witch said to me one time, I hate you. But I was already born again. Your enemy doesn't do nothing to me, it does against you. You need to secure your destiny, nobody has it, as that keeper Jesus. Somebody wants to join us quickly and we're going to pray. If you make up today, you'll be betrayed tomorrow. Join us quickly. Jesus loves you. Now, for everyone in front who do about your heads, I'll speak to him yourself. Jesus saved my soul. Jesus rescued and restored me. Jesus helped me to stand in the face. Jesus, bless me with the power of your blood. Jesus, turn my life around for good. Jesus, place your mark on my life today. Jesus, I'm tired of all for known. I'm here for establishment and the faith by your grace. Jesus, establishment of faith today. Now, you are repenting of your sins, I'm not going back to them anymore. Jesus, I repent of my sins today. I'm not going back to them anymore. So help me, Jesus. Help me, Lord. Give me a great start today. A great start I've been talking about for life. Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. Amen. Now, lift up your right hand. I'm predisposed of faith after me. Everybody, and I'm sure, it's landmark connected. Everybody in landmark, I'm here. Now, lift up your right hand, all of us in front. And pray this prayer after me. Say, with me, Lord Jesus, with all my heart, I come to you today. Forgive me. All my sins wash me with your precious blood. I believe you died for me. On the third day, you rose again to justify me. Lord Jesus, I believe my sins are not forgiven. I'm not justified by your blood. I'm saved. I'm restored. I'm not a child of God. I am free from the power of sin. To save the living God. Thank you, Jesus, for saving my soul. Amen. Keep your hands up as I pray, Father. I pray over this precious soul. Your grace has brought them in. Let the same grace present them. In the name of Jesus. And so shall it be. In Jesus' precious name. Amen. Give the Lord a big hand of praise. Amen. Just before you go, I got from the testimony of last Sunday of someone's Is it iPod or laptop? Stolen. And the waves have been on and on. But be careful. A prophetic platform is a risky platform. Be careful. I've asked the authority. Anything missing in this place, please get me informed. And I will treat it accordingly. When I pray, God hears. If you want to stop tormenting others, we're only securely tormenting for yourself. So be careful. The cause of the Lord remains in the house of the thief. And when God causes a man no prophet can revert it. This is a Jesus grant. Be careful. Be careful. Be careful. If you took anything from anywhere, please return straight to the DSA or the Chaplain. And I give you only seven days for it. Only seven days for it. I'm not harassing you. That is my privilege office in Christ. I'm sent to my generation as a prophet to stop the tears of mankind. You can't be causing others to shed tears when you're jumping about. Whatever pain you cause others, you have already secured it for your life. Some parents sow their properties to buy some things. And somebody will be an agent of devil to rob them of it. So they can't do well in school. They can't connect with us going on. No, you two cannot survive it. If you took anything, please go to your Chaplain. I'm sorry I did this. If you have so detailed, you don't do that. If you have anything, you'll find this your choice. And I'm saying that's in truth. Ask them why in church. They will tell you that when I speak, so those things, they happen as I say it. So caution, nonsense, not here. In those holidays, if we miss a viral, I went to the whole step myself. We checked through everyone to find nobody will sleep. Not here. I passed to the laptop tomorrow. Buggle rooms of people. If I won't learn that some fuck off too long was Buggle, no. Not here. Except God has not sent me anyone who does all things goes for it. Caution, if you stole anything, get back quickly and make it know. You don't make it know, whatever you see is your choice. I told them they're no one of our conferences. If you enter anybody's room and pick anything, and you are not struck immediately, I'm not saying. Somebody went to a room like that and ran mad on his talk. Run mad on this talk, on this ground. Caution, this is the same platform. It's a Jesus' platform. Don't think you can come with any nonsense mentality to upset anybody's life. You can't survive it. Except to respond within seven days, tell all the other people in the other class, seven days only. Anything you have stolen, you better declare. Otherwise, you have made your choice. Please, young people, congratulations. Walk with these officials, document your names as you close. This covers both Covenant University and Landmark University. This is a no-go area for the devil and the agents of the devil. All staff responsible for all management, Caution. These things don't jump from the third floor. They pass through your passage. Caution. Caution. And in fact, if anything goes on wrong in any hall, we deal with everybody that's in charge. Caution. Now, you'll be finding me in the hostel time and again. The reason is, we must chase the devil out of any way. And young people, I just commented, I hope you are not the big question. You better tell your parents, this is not a place for you. And go somewhere else. This place does not condone any evil. It will be exposed and dead with. My prayer for you is that no one gets rusticated from here. My prayer for you is that no one here will be an agent of the devil making life in positive orders. My prayer is that your heart will be with God and your ways will be godly. These are my desire for you. If you now desire anything for yourself, it's your choice. I want your parents to rejoice so far. You know to whip over you. But don't make other parents whip by your acts. Caution. Caution. Caution. Also, exam is just around the corner. Made semesters exam be at Covenant. Exam is a capital offense. You convocate individually. You are caught. You graduate on the spot. There is no goal coming about it. So work hard, trust in the grace of God, and then be disciplined enough to secure this success with desire. Stand to your feet. Hallelujah. From the video, my takeaway is my success is my absolute responsibility. The journey to the top is at the coast. So the question is, am I willing to pay that course? What is your take from this great teaching from my father in the faith, Bishop David O'Edebel? Please make sure you leave your take on the comment section. Stay blessed forever in Jesus' name.