He said, but I've never heard God. He didn't know I wanted to be poor. I've not done it. Why will he tell you anything special? He doesn't want to insult himself. God does not insult himself. By telling you what he knows, we not take your key to plenty in times of austerity, your key to security, in the times of adversity, your key to prosperity, in the time of scarcity, your key to exemption from plagues, or not. And we look out tonight and close in this morning on this sacrifice faith. What do I call it? The sacrifice faith. And I want you to listen with every pain inside you, because this is what you need to write a majesty in the midst of adversity. The sacrifice faith. By faith, a bed offered a more excellent sacrifice. And the Bible said he obtained a good report, a more excellent sacrifice, Duncan. He brews 11th chapter of the verse 4. A more excellent sacrifice was put in the catalogs of faith. A more excellent sacrifice. A more excellent sacrifice by which he obtained witness that he was righteous. And God testifying of his gifts and by it he been dead yet speaking. This is the secret of securing your posterity. This is one of the keys to securing your posterity, to securing your posterity. And that came as far back as Genesis chapter 4 verse 4. A bed offered a sacrifice onto the Lord and God had respect on to his offerings. God had respect onto his offering, but on to the offering of Kenny had no respect but his form 5. The sacrifice. The faith, the sacrifice based faith, that was one of the faith delivered to the saints by which they were in command. Genesis chapter 8 verse 20. The word says, and Abraham, Noah took out of every claim found and every clean beast and sacrificed them onto the Lord. All for them as both of them on the Lord and God spent a good summer and God said in his heart, I will no more cost and grant any more hope for man's sake. Now that we last met every living as I've done, I'm verse 22, both from hands forth wide the hour three minutes. See, I am an harvest and day and night and summer and winter shall not cease. Genesis chapter 8 verse 20 to 22. This sacrifice based faith, sacrifice based faith is a testimony producing faith. Sacrifice based faith is a testimony producing faith. Many many Christians are stranded because they have not discovered the mystery of sacrifice based faith. Sacrifice based faith, the highway in the time of farming. Your way out in the time of economic growth, sacrifice based faith, many believers have never really engaged in the sacrifice in their life. Whatever time they may have done it, they will have been forced by their wife, their husband or friends or by their position in church to do it. Arrested to Pashigarada Bhakata, the author of sacrifice is the author of tomorrow. Arrested to Pashigarada Bhakata, the author of tomorrow, the author of tomorrow, the author of tomorrow, the author of tomorrow. Sacrifice based faith, second summer 24, 24, 25. Sacrifice based faith, it was one of the faith delivered to the end. It's not a psychedelic kind of gift that we are talking about, it's God speaking to you. God speaking to you, give me that thing. He said, but I've never heard God. He didn't want it, told me if we have not done it, why will he tell you anything special? Don't come before me empty, you do. So why must he tell you something special? He doesn't want to insult himself. Bring your title, say no God, take time. And then he says, you tell you something special. God only instructs givers for sacrifice, not long givers. God does not insult himself by telling you what he knows will not take. Sacrifice based faith, your key to plenty in terms of austerity, your key to security in the times of adversity, your key to prosperity in the time of scarcity, the sacrifice based faith, your key to exemption from plagues or not. When the Lord told again the captivity of science, we were like them, the dream, then was a mouth filled with laughter. And I told, we sing it, then we begin the talk of the time. The Lord has done great things for us. He did great for them, we beg, be an impression, see, shout, downless. That means our testimony came out of our sacrifice. The testimony of Psalm 126 is the testimony from the altar of sacrifice. It's the testimony from the altar of sacrifice. It's the testimony from the altar of sacrifice. In the time of family, the Prophet came down to the widow of Zarephat, the Bible said God sent him. He said there are many widows in Israel, also known as Elijah sent, but also the widow of Zarephat. chapter 4 of Luke verse 25, 26 and 27. God sent Elijah and Elijah demanded the sacrifice to open up the destiny of prosperity of that woman in the time of austerity. Make for me first case chapter 17 and verse 6 to 10. Make for me first and she did and he said, and the pot of flour shall not be wasted. And the curse of God shall not be, shall not fail until the day the Lord ceremony upon the land. And that was it. The pot of flour did not waste. The curse of God did not fail according to the word of the Lord by the month of Elijah. Sacrifice is your world in time of austerity. Sacrifice is your access to supernatural supplies in times of economic calamities. Sacrifice best faith. It's time to begin to contain for the faith that was was delivered unto the sins. The generation of blessings that Abraham received from the Lord came from the author of sacrifice by myself. That in blessings I will bless you. And for thousands of years Israel, the natural is least this women in the blessings of Abraham sacrifice. Hey, the destiny of your generations after you is in your home. The quality of your work with God today will be a source, any source for your generations yet on bomb. Abraham is a by myself, a vice-worn, that in blessings I will bless you. In multiplying I will multiply you. And your seed shall possess the gates of the enemy. So today they can shut up Gaza. And they go, they go to kill the hand and go to bed. They shall possess the gates of the enemies. They have won Iran. We are going to destroy your nuclear setup. We have the might. And Iran knows they have the might. You can hear by tomorrow morning that they are finished. They have the generation of blessings of conquest in their life. God said, I swear. Yes, I swear by myself. Your children shall possess the gates of the enemy. I swear. Oh, they are not more put together. I can't stop it. I swear. The United Nations can't stop. I said, God's war. I'm talking about God. I'm talking about the United Nations. God said, I swear by myself. God's war, a generation of blessings on Abraham, on the altar of sacrifice. On the altar of sacrifice. Sacrifice is not a means of blessing the child. The pastors have messed up the gospel. Many pastors. It is not blessing the child. It is not blessing the ministry. It is blessing you. Sacrifice is not for God is for you. When the Lord turned the gate, God is passing captivity. So it doesn't anybody to come and help him to any. When the Lord turned the gate, the captives of Zion, he responds to the sacrifice of Zion. We were like them, the dream. It was blessing us, not God. Thank God for your givens, but with your given and my given all without God will not be less than God. It is a gender can never be affected. God for give poor pastors will tell people that they seem to give God with a problem. I told the church in 1996, I said stop giving and watch if anything stops. Only you will stop. Nothing that God has programmed can stop. He said when I found nobody, my own heart brought me salvation. I don't mess up God. The celestial who prays, I say go to the sea, cast on who bring the fish, open the mouth, get the money. I own the earth, the fullness, the world and all that we are doing. I can't be stranded. Do that, I am telling all the money in the back. When I say do that, I say we don't have anything I have finished. We don't have anything I have told in everything. Peter, go to the fish, cut the first one, open the mouth, take the money. Do that, you can't stay down one. It doesn't prove where it is. Well I am glad to tell you your given is not moving God's kingdom forward. Stop nonsense. It's only moving you forward. You are not giving can stop God from going forward. Stop nonsense. God owns everything. Somebody said you know because the church is now online. I've been saying that when they were small and the people sitting down here who knew when this church was 10, 20, 21, you are here. I speak the same language. Stop there. It's a fair being that you are not going to depend on your right-hand possess. Your right-hand possess depends on him for some stillness. Your sacrifice is about you, not about God. It's about you, not about the ministry. It's about you, not about the agenda. Sacrifice based faith. It opens up destinies. I decree tonight that every close-top destiny will open up supernaturally at this liberation night. Amen. You believe that let me hear your loudest amen. God made the demand on May 19th of December for a sacrifice. And I went to my wife's office and I said, God, just spoke to me now that we should give him that thing. My wife said praise the Lord and I said, praise God. So it went. And the Lord spoke to me the same day. My son David, even if you don't want to be rich, it's too late. Not just as helpful to bless, like sacrifice. Where you can hear what God is saying and you respond accordingly. So it may God is still God. Come on, let me hear you say God is still God. The Lord that you can't go is still God. The sacrifice based faith. The sacrifice based faith. God said to me, get back home and make my people rich. And let me tell you this as I close. The sacrifice based faith is not just about material blessings. The sacrifice based faith is a platform for God's oral blessings in your life, which includes the blessings of protection. He said, the Lord shall be died, defers. And thou shalt have plenty of silver. Job 22 verse 25. And thou shalt have plenty of silver. The Lord defend thee. The name of the Lord is said, the Lord, the name of the Lord defend thee. He sent the help out of sanctuary. Remember thy offerings and thy bond sacrifices. Some 20 on verse 1 to 3. God defends us in response to our sacrifices. And in the wicked world that we live in, what more do we need than the defiance of the most high God? What a wicked world that we live in. Is that we know that we have God, but we also know that the whole world lies in wickedness. Job was given to sacrifice and God built a wall around him, around himself, and I don't know that he had on every side. But he never knew so he gave me to fear. And fear became a snare to him. Job never knew how the wall to everyone, your sacrifice got an adhesive wall of fire around you. So God becomes your defense. God becomes your defense. God becomes your defense. And all the covenant fathers, all the covenant fathers live a healthy life. How? How do they combat it? Because your scavenging is one of the ways you serve the Lord and thou shalt serve the Lord your God. Anisha bless your bread and your water and take away sickness from the midst of you. So your sacrifice exempts you from the plague of sicknesses and diseases. Some 41 verse 1 to 3. Blessed is the man that remember the poor. The Lord will deliver him in the day of trouble. The Lord will preserve him and keep him alive. He will make all his bread in his sickness. That means he will take care of him when he's sick. He will be his doctor when he's sick. So when you are given it to sacrifice, you become a candidate for divine hand. You enjoy divine protection. Money can buy this. Now here it is. The number of his taste I will fulfill. So sacrifice is one of the ways God establishes your long life. The number of his taste I will fulfill Abraham. Leave for one 75 years. I sick. Leave for one for the three Jacob. Leave for one 80. Long life is a heritage of everyone that oppress the sacrifice best faith. Therefore I decree today that grace to oppress the sacrifice best faith as a way of life. As a lifestyle becomes your passion. The name of Jesus. Can I hear you loud this amen? The sacrifice best faith. Sacrifice best faith. Sacrifice best faith. We saw it in Abel. We saw it in Noah. We saw it in Abraham. It is very fundamental to the faith delivered unto the same. Can I hear you loud this amen? It is the platform of which God tells our captivity and tells testimonies out of our lives. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. May I say this therefore that everyone on that this commission is a candidate for supernatural supplies. So it means financial supplies because God sent me to you. And I know he sent me to you because of the kind of time we are living in now. So you can be exempted from its harassment like the ministry is exempted from its harassment over the years. When they shall say there is a custodial, then you shall say there is a lifting up. When there is a custodial down of the system, then you shall say there is a lifting up because you are operating by the law of faith of sacrifice. Let's see if I prayed the law from its mouth. So when there is a custodial down, you shall say there is a lifting up. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. And I speak the truth in Christ I lie not. This ministry has never felt the pinch of any economic situation since inception. 20 years it has gone through all kinds. The structural adjustment program came, the other one came, discussed the commodity came, everything came and met us inside each of them were waxing stronger and stronger by the day. Another one is all in the midst of which your church is building a new university in the midst of an economic collapse. General Motors is selling their plane because they won't borrow them money except they said the plane. All the worldwide component bodies are selling their planes. We could buy a second one if we need it now. We don't have a pinch of problem around it. If he needs it, we'll buy it. Oh, there is a way forward. I like you to know there's a way forward. If this thing over comes through as a plane, there's a way forward. And I speak to you as source of the prophet, this liberation anniversary is marking the opening of a new chapter in your life. The opening of a new chapter in your business. The opening of a new chapter in your family. There is no doubt about it. Many companies are going to shut down. Many are shutting down. Many factories are closed down. Over 20 million people have lost their job in China. Over 4 million have lost their job in Japan. Japan has lost about 42 billion in export because the money is no longer there. Now listen to me. The economic crunch is coming. It's good to take covenant cover very fast. It's good to take what? Covenant cover very fast. God was giving me bread and water to eat at 300 a month. It's the God in heaven. It is not how much you earn. It is the blessing of God and not to earn the matter. Can I hear your Lord's amen? It's not how much you make in your business. It's the blessing of God and the business of the matter. It is the blessings of the Lord that make it rich. Not the volume of your income. It is the blessings of the Lord. Make it rich and it's not sour to eat. And sacrifice is one way to bring God's blessings down on your life. It does not only serve your material needs. It serves all your other needs. That can make your material lose value. If your health is in shambles, your resources will lose value. If your defense is broken, then robots can cut away anything you make. If your life is threatened, then you vessel your money in buying a motor car, a motor suit, a motor shoes, and a motor shirt, and a motor head gear, a motor shirt. Somebody asked me if I wanted to buy a motor car, I said for what? It's because of the insecurity of the environment. I said you are the whip war and secure. Have you ever seen anybody shooting a motor car? They shoot you when you come out of the car. Since the news, I'm not going to disappoint what's in the bullet. Want to come out? Is that better to me or car? No. I tell you the first around me, they are stronger than I'm old. They are supersonic I'm old. If they cut you, you are dead. If you know what I'm like, they say look at them, they are big with us, I'm older than them, they are big with them. It's an open size and they saw the mountains full of us, I tell you the fire, round about the lights, round about you. Where you are in the covenant, the first of heaven and round about you, we are here for you to give orders. And the lights are saying, it's fine, they are with love, it's fine, they are with blindness, and we are all blinded with their eyes open. Okay, who are you looking for? I'll show you ways. Then they brought them right to the king of summit, they say open their eyes, Lord. This is what I'm doing. If it's a smite them, they won't be dead men. There are forces around you waiting for your command. Don't let anybody mess up your destiny. There are forces around you waiting for your command. The angels of the Lord are about them, they are afraid to deliver them, they are not the same decoration. They are about to deliver you. The sacrifice pays faith, your master key to exemption in this time of economic crisis. The sacrifice pays faith, the sacrifice pays faith, the sacrifice pays faith. We look at chapter 4 of Philippians as we close. Thank you, Jesus. This is the key to supernatural supplies. Philippians 4. Thank you, Lord. Now, you, Philippians, know that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me concerning given on the seventh, but you only. For even in Thessalonica, you sent once and again onto my necessity. Not because I desired it, but I desired fruit that may abound to your account. But I have all on a bun and full haven't received from the pufferiditos, the things which were sent of you. An order of a sweet smell, a sacrifice, acceptable and well-placing to God. I must not import my goal. In response to this sacrifice, my God, shall supply all your need according to the switches and glory by Christ Jesus. My God, shall supply all your need, material, social, intellectual, career, business, my God shall supply all your need. In response to this sacrifice, that is well-placing to God. Now, hear me now. Everyone under the sun of my voice across the nations of the earth, I like to read an order of sacrifice. I'm sending this as a prophet sent from God. I am free from this thing. Elijah had food by the brook. God tried the brook to send him to meet the need of a widow. It was in the power of God to keep the brook flowing. But God said, get out from here. Elijah could be explaining that, oh God, I cannot go to the widow's house. He tried the brook to move Elijah. Elijah moved so as to service the need of that widow. Only because it's moving me to service your need in this time of scarcity. We are worth to have. We'll be insufficient to see you through. We are worth to need is a covenant bailout. No other bailout under heaven can help you. It's about my God, shall supply all your need according to the switches and glory by Christ Jesus. All your need, all your need. A sacrifice where pleasing and acceptable to God. You did it once and again, not once and for all, once and again, once and again. It's the first time in the history of liberation night that I will call for an order of sacrifice. First time in the history of liberation night that I will be moved to call for an order of sacrifice. And I'm calling for it after the order of first Kings chapter 7. The pot of flowers shall not be wasted and the crews of eggs shall not fail. All through the years of this economic crisis. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All of my great fans this日. Thank you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. may become the talk of the city and the nation where I lean. The Lord has done great things for them. I'm wearing a sort of sacrifice for the opening of a new chapter in my life. Everybody under the sun of my voice across the nations of the earth, this is your chance to have yourself exempted from this economic Holocaust. This is your chance. The sacrifice, the best faith, the sacrifice best faith was one of the kind of faith delivered to the saints. Let us contain. Let us contain. I want to read this author of sacrifice before the Lord on the low pressure in your most delight, some status, state of heart. Lord Jesus, my eye is open to see what guarantees a turn around the spirit. It is an art of sacrifice. When that author was read, God said, the cause of a man is averted. Every cause that's working against your destiny by this sacrifice, the accounts would out. Can I hear your loudest amen? Let me hear your loudest amen. Let me hear your loudest amen. Hear what he says, but my God shall supply all your needs, all your needs. A God in choice reaches in glory by Christ Jesus. Whatever God can afford, you are not permitted to lack. Whatever God can afford, you are not permitted to lack. Whatever God can afford, you are not permitted to lack. Whatever God can afford, you are not permitted to lack. Whatever God can afford, you are not permitted to lack. It would supply all your needs according to its riches in glory by Christ Jesus. He would call your captivity and call you to a testimony in the city. Your marital destiny that is broken down, he will bring back to life. Your career that is closing up, he will open it up again. That is the sacrifice best faith. Let us contend for the faith that was once delivered unto the same. You are on board this flight. You are not permitted to lack whatever is served here. Among the goodness that is served here is prosperity, supernatural supplies, supernatural blessing. You are not permitted to lack it. The unfortunate where you are seated, I'd like you to read an oath of sacrifice to the Lord and I'm going to pray and set a prophetic seal on it. You are going to see one that's in your life with somebody saying, Lord, amen, where ever you are. I don't know what sacrifice will be, but you know it. So before the Lord, just turn there and sort out yourself. I am stepping into another phase of my life, stepping to another phase of blessings. I must tell you when God opens it, nobody can shut it. He said, He opens and no man shuts and no man opens. He opens and no man shuts and no man opens. Everyone that believes in the world of this prophet tonight, take a piece of paper in your hand and then indicate your sacrifice to the Lord. Let him be the sacrifice that God will have respect to. He had respect for the sacrifice of a bear. Here what the world says, son, 100 is father and a seven father is master. If I be your father, where's my home? If I be your master, where's my fear? You have the fattest calf among your flock, but you have brought me the blind and the limb. Take that to your God and we did receive it from your hand. Malachi chapter 1 verse 6 to 8, an altar of sacrifice and altar of tonaram. Wherever you are tonight, God is not a name, but is eager to meet Lord. God is not a name, the church is not a name, the ministry is not a name, but God is eager to meet your name. It's not the volume that makes a sacrifice, it's the cost. God forbid that I should offer to God that which cost me nothing, it's a cost that makes a sacrifice, it's not the volume, it's not the volume. Somebody's one that day it will be worth 10 million of another person, it's a cost, it's a cost. Somebody's bicycle today will be worth, somebody has given the plane, it's a cost, the cost, the cost. Jesus looked at the widow's, that widow's wife said she gave the greatest. The greatest was not in the volume, but in the cost. In the cost, in the cost, everyone that gives a sacrifice tonight. I speak to you by the word of the Lord and I speak to you as a prophet of the most I got. I speak to you as a messenger of the covenant. This night marks the beginning of a new chapter in your life. Whatever represents a need that is affordable by God, shall be supernaturally met at the instance of this sacrifice. It's not just your material needs to be met, every other need of your life will be supernaturally met by this sacrifice tonight in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Most of you have shared amazing testimonies in time, past of sacrifice, but the one you are sharing on this live British night is the first of its kind in your life ever. It's the it shall be the first of its kind in your life ever. I said shall be the first of its kind in your life ever. The one you are sharing tonight shall be the first of its kind in your life ever. Can I have your loudest amen? Hear me? All your needs can be serviced on the out of sacrifice, all your needs. An order of a sweet smell, a sacrifice we're placing and acceptable on to God. Therefore my God shall supply all your need according to its riches in glory by Christ Jesus. It delights some sacrifice, not an effort sacrifice, a sacrifice that's coming out of your heart with excitement, a sacrifice that you see as a privilege, not as a burden, a sacrifice that jumps out of you with joy on the inside door with the cost for them with joy. Can I hear your loudest amen? Can I hear your loudest amen? Somebody give a pair of shoes we'll go to wear that. It feels all in all, you don't have a size, God of somebody brought it TV set. We have to go see them to watch it. His eyes behold all things. You can see where they are broadcasting from. So what does it need to scream for? He sees all things at a time. Now listen to me, every sacrifice coming from you tonight as the Lord living the God of this liberation mandate. He will service every need of your life that has been looking impossible. Thank you Jesus. Take a piece of paper in your hand quickly wherever you are and that applies to everyone in the nations of the world, everyone across the nation of Nigeria in all the VA centers and those individuals by the earth. Peace is in your various rooms wherever you are, you are a part of this sacrifice. So please make sure you are a part of it and you are offering that to the Lord. You are offering that to the Lord, the author of sacrifice, the kind that no one read and God avated the cost on the ground. The cost of this economic crunch will never reach you by your own author of sacrifice which I'll be exempted. It's said from henceforth, sit time. That means whatsoever, souls. We reap no matter the heat on the earth. Everything may be burnt, but whoever leaves souls are committed to ensure that he leaves. So this sacrifice we speak, no matter what happens here. Can I hear your loudest amen? Shard Hallelujah. Shard Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what it is. You get another piece of paper and whatever is a need, you have not noted. Tie it to this sacrifice. Praise the Lord. It will supply all your needs. Oh, you don't need to be sleeping with sleeping tablet. You are too much for that he give it is below sleep. You don't need to mistake back pain. That's one of those normal things. It's abnormal. Jesus, did they have back pain? You see, whatever author need in your life, you have mistaken for normal. You can tie it up tonight and we are going to I'm going to decree God's libression force to set you free. Man is important to know some place we know go without sacrifice. Some place we know go without sacrifice. Some place we know go without sacrifice, but every plague on your life and on your family and on your big business must give way tonight. If somebody see our work, let me hear your loudest amen if you are. If you are breathing your sacrifice right to your feet, thank you Jesus. If you are breathing your sacrifice right to your feet, rise to your feet right now wherever you are, thank you Jesus. To you, we give all the praise. Lake Osago, Lake Redea, Lichagah, Metosiza, Rakosom, Black Karada, and let go be true. I know man liars. Every time heaven receives a sacrifice, a new song is released. I decree your era of new songs in the name of Jesus. There was a more fee we loved. I decree the feeling of your love. We loved her. Then I said there I'm going to be hidden. The Lord has done great things for them. I decree that the end of God or your love will become the talk of the city. The Lord has done great things for us Lord of the glory, may there be your response in the name of Jesus. Turn again our captivity, O Lord, as the streams of the soul. Lord give each one an experience of a new chapter in the name of Jesus. Lord by this sacrifice, bring everyone of us into our dream, learn in the name of Jesus. Then we will like them that dream. We will like them that dream. We will like them that dream. Receive that experience in the name of Jesus. Right now I decree that by this sacrifice, all of that needs of your love, that money can not buy protection, divide her, longevity. Receive that experience in the name of Jesus. By this sacrifice, I decree that everyone called barren becomes a joyful mother of two year old, become a joyful mother of two year old, lift up your sacrifices. Every sacrifice re-automate. I decree that every cause on anyone's life be supernatural in the name of Jesus. There are voters in the name of Jesus, there are voters in the name of Jesus, there are voters in the name of Jesus. Thank you, hope, and the Father. Blessed be your name. Let's sing this praise as we drop this one with the Oceans. Hallelujah. I like the show. It's coming from your heart by dancing your victory dance. It's about time to minister to the arc of testimony but let's dance the dance of triumph from the out of sacrifice. Are you ready? No, let's go. Quiet.