Dr. Bishop, David O'Yedipo, my brother. Thank you. Hallelujah. Shall we lift up our two hands to heaven and acknowledge Jesus? Let's celebrate Jesus. It's the reason we are here. It's the one blessing this conference. It's the one speaking life into our veins. It's the one impacting on our lives. It's the head of this church. Let's magnify Jesus together. Let's celebrate. Thank you, Jesus, for this glorious time in your presence. Thank you for what you've been doing since last Sunday. Thank you for anointed ministries and the diverse impartations. Thank you for the setman over this ministry. Thank you for the grace and the anointing. Thank you for this great church and thank you for your mighty presence here. Tonight, speak through my lips. Bless this great congregation. Bless our viewers around the world. And let today mark the turning point in everyone's life. Thank you, Jesus. In Jesus' precious name. Give the Lord a big hand, please. I will now please be seated. It's my privilege to be here tonight and be part of this great conference. I love Pastor Bill and his wife. I'll do anything, anytime, to be anywhere that he wants me to be. From the first time we made, I kneel that God has something for us to do together. And I'm blessed. And I've been blessed. Ever since we began this journey together. Thank you, Pastor Bill. And thank you very much for being a friend. I love this church because it's what-based. I love this church because it is faith-driven. And I love these people because we are the same family. I'll be sharing with us tonight on what I've called unveiling the stronghold of faith. The same way the sun shines everywhere and the moon shows up in every nation. So also the truth triumphs everywhere. The Bible says, thanks be unto God, who always causes also triumph in Christ. I'll make it known by us the server of his knowledge in every place. The truth triumphs everywhere. God is no respecter of persons. God is no respecter of nations. He said, now I know that God is no respecter of persons but in every nation. Acts chapter 10 and verse 34, everyone that fears them and works operationally is accepted with him. Truth is a universal commodity. He delivers the same value in every nation of the earth. Truth is no respecter of nations. Truth is no respecter of races. Revelation chapter 5 and verse 9, he said, he has redeemed us out of every tongue, out of every candidate, out of every nation. Jesus, the truth redeemed us out of every tongue, out of every candidate, out of every nation. So the truth has the same effect in every nation, among every tongue, among every race. God is not a racist. He is so loved and tired of all. He gave his only begotten song. Those of our beliefs in him should not perish but have everlasting life. In Romans chapter 10 and verse 12, the Bible says, now I know. He said, the same God, there is no difference between the Jews and the Greek. For the same Lord, over all, is reached unto all that are called upon him. So it's God of all the earth. No one is advantaged. Ignorance has been the greatest challenge of man. The ignorance of the truth will make a failure anywhere, anytime, any day. But the knowledge of the truth, we guarantee your triumph. We are ever you are found on the earth. The truth will always deliver the same value. The truth will always deliver the same value. The same truth that brings us salvation, sanctification. He's the same truth that brings us healing, deliverance, victory, breakthrough, prosperity, honor, glory and blessings. Same truth. In Revelation chapter 5 and verse 12, we say Christ has obtained for us power. And Christ is the truth. I am the way, the truth and the life. No one can come to the Father except by me. In Revelation 5, 12 said, the truth has obtained for us power, riches, strength, wisdom. Honor, glory and blessings. So the same truth given us access to this sevenfold amazing blessings of redemption. Same truth. Same truth. The word says, I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believes. So all that Christ offers us is delivered by faith. That's why we need to examine the mystery of faith that grants you and me access to this beautiful, wonderful inheritance that we have in Christ. Remember, let them ask Him faith or let not that man think he shall receive anything from God. Nothing comes down from heaven except by faith. As free as salvation is, it comes down by faith. Every provision and redemption is only delivered by faith. Without faith, it is impossible for you and I to access our inheritance. And we have a sevenfold all embracing inheritance in Christ. Think of it. Power. Think of it, riches. Think of it, wisdom. Think of it, strength. Think of it, honor. Think of it, glory. And think of it, blessings. There is nothing anyone is looking for on that is own. That's not covered. Everything that makes for life and holiness is embracing there in that one verse. And that truth makes it available. That truth makes it available. So tonight, I like it to be very sensitive because God is up to something about your life. I have often said there is no mountain anywhere. Every month's ignorance is its mountain. There is no mountain anywhere. My Bible says my people perish for lack of knowledge. Lack of knowledge of the truth is what makes a victim. My people perish for lack of knowledge. Who see chapter four was six. And Isaiah chapter five was 13. He said my people are gone into captivity because they have no knowledge. They are gone into captivity. I've done all I need that to do. But they are robbed of everything for lack of knowledge. They are heading captivity for lack of knowledge. So I strongly believe that tonight God is opening a new chapter to many of us sitting down here. The truth will always triumph in any place. Always triumph in any place. The truth will always triumph in any place. What is faith? Then we can begin to look at the stronghold of faith. Faith is clearly the most potent force in all the universe. Faith is the most potent force in the universe. Why if thou can't believe? How many things? All things are possible to him that believe. How is faith the most potent force in the universe? Because it confers divinity on humanity. Jesus said unto man this is impossible but not with God. For with God all things are possible. And they say if thou can't believe, all things are possible to him that believe. That means when you are pray to him by faith, you are pray to him in God's class. Mark 9, 23 and Mark 10, 27. When you are pray to him by faith, you are pray to him in the very class of God. Jesus said, The works that I do shall do also and greater works than these shall do. Faith confers divinity on humanity. The works that I do shall do also and greater works than these shall do. So faith empowers us to operate in the very class of God. Faith empowers us to operate in the very realm of God. Faith empowers us to handle what only God can handle. This is so important and with that understanding that we begin to find out why is faith so powerful and the saints appear so powerless. If faith is so powerful, why are the saints so powerless? Something must be wrong with what you call faith. Something must be wrong. If faith is that potent, why are we so important? Now faith is not a mere biblical principle. Faith is our access to the power of God. Romans 116, I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ for it is the power of God or to salvation to every one of the beliefs. So faith is not just a biblical principle. Faith is a spiritual means of empowerment. We are empowered by faith. The woman with usual blood went after Jesus, taught the hymn of his government. And Jesus said, power is gone out of me. And he said, die faith. So faith draws on the power of God to impact on our life. Faith is not just a biblical principle. It's a spiritual platform for empowerment. When faith is at work, power is being released. Power is flowing. Power is bringing about changes. Faith is about empowerment for child. Faith is not a principle we try to use. Faith empowers us to command results. That lady was made whole by her faith drawing virtue from Christ. So every time your faith comes alive, virtue flows from Christ to make you whole. Faith is not a religious theory. It is a mystery of the kingdom. First Timothy 3.9 is holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience. So faith is not a story. Faith is a mystery. And what is mystery? Mystery is a kingdom secret that gives you mastery. Kingdom secrets that confess mastery on your life. I have often said, I'm not so surprised that we are saying what we say today and now ministry. I would have been surprised if we didn't see them. That means I was too sure they were coming. I was fully persuaded by the mystery of faith that they were coming. I knew far back in 1982 that we were going to build a sanctuary that would see 50,000 people. So whatever we saw in the process is not important. I knew we were going to build a 50,000 seat auditorium. Why God said so. I knew. Why we had only one little rickety voice I can be too. I knew I was going to be flying as far back as every 1982. Why God said so. I'm coming. I'd like you to please understand this that we are not serving a fake God. We are not serving a fake God. Every time faith comes alive, God's integrity is committed to deliver. He said what if we believe not yet we are bad faith who cannot deny Himself. Faith is not a religious logic. It's a spiritual weapon. He said above all taking the shield of faith and you'll be able to quench all the fiery darts of the devil. Ephesians chapter 6 and verse 16. Faith is not a religious logic. It is a spiritual weapon. Faith is not a biblical philosophy. It's an ever-winning spiritual force. This is the victory that overcomes the world even our faith. It's an ever-winning spiritual force. Faith is not a biblical philosophy. It's an ever-winning spiritual force. First, John chapter 5 and verse 4. That's why it's very important for us to find out what kind of faith is it that walks. What kind of faith is it that walks? If faith is that potent, why must we remain so important, so helpless, so frustrated? There must be something wrong with what we call faith. And we need to put that right now. We have always thought that faith comes by hearing the word of God. That's true. But it's much more than that. Faith comes not just by hearing the word of God, but principally by hearing from God. Romans 10-17. Faith comes not just by hearing the word of God. Faith comes much more importantly by hearing from God. Hearing from God, if you check the heroes of faith as documented in Hebrews chapter 11, 80 to 90 percent of them came on that list by hearing directly from God. Hearing directly from God. Think of Abraham the father of faith. The stronghold of Abraham's faith was access to the voice of God. Now the Lord said to Abraham, get out of their country from their kingdom to come and I'll show you. And now they make of the great nation. I'll bless you and make their name great and that shall be a blessing. And so Abraham departed. Most of us have been hearing the word, but we are not being hearing from God. Hearing from God is the stronghold of faith. No one hears from God and doubt Him. The voice of God is the cure for the doubts of life. You can hear from God and doubt Him. No. The voice of the Lord is mighty and the voice of many waters. You can hear from God and doubt Him. Abraham, heart from God, get out of their country and the age of 75, he had no problem believing God because he are new from God, a few say supany to the faith. You can hear from God and doubt Him. You can hear from God and not believe Him. You can hear from God and not prove by acting on water of hearts. The stronghold of faith is access to the voice of God. All great stories in the kingdom they are accessible to God told me. God said to me. God told me. God said to me. God said go. God said stop. God said move. God said go. No, that's all it takes. The voice of God is the stronghold of faith. Think of Moses. No normal person who would dare an institution, a nation as Moses did. But the voice of God makes you daredeal and daredevil. The voice of God will make you daredeal and daredevil. The voice of God will make you think the unthinkable. The voice of God will make you move the unthinkable. Because Moses is hard from God. Now I've seen the official of my people come and I will send you to Egypt. You may bring out my people Israel. Exodus chapter 3, verse 7-8. And he said tell Pharaoh that Israel is my son, even my firstborn. If you don't let my son go out, kill your son because I'm going to save my son free. Now he was hearing that directly from God. Okay, Pharaoh is coming on the street now, go meet him and tell him. Pharaoh let my people go. No protocols. Now you see, where you hear from God? It is irresistible voice. Irresistible. Now here what he said to Moses, Exodus chapter 7, verse 1. He said see, I have made the a God onto Pharaoh. God told him. So immediately Moses knew his new status. It didn't approach Pharaoh as a man. He approached Pharaoh as a God. He said see, I have made the a God onto Pharaoh. And Aaron their brother shall be their prophet. Now take of it. Here they were. By the red sea. They did not say, why are you crying onto me? Tell the people that they go forward. Exodus 40 verse 15. So they saw the recy and they were moving because you can't resist the voice of his majesty. Tell them that they go forward. Go forward to wealth into the sea. Yeah. And the Bible recalls the sea saw them. It fled. Psalm 14 verse 1 to 9. The sea saw them. It fled. The voice of his majesty is the key for the doubts of life. If you can assess his voice, you are free. Take of it. What spoke to Abraham and said, this is my covenant with you. You will circumcise every male bond in your house, and that is bought with your money. And without any fear, Abraham took his toll, circumcised himself, and all the male bond in his house. Because his voice is irresistible. The voice of the Lord is irresistible. Listen to me. And then God said to him, take their son. The only son is it. Whom thou lovest? And check out on the month and I will show you. And then you sacrifice him there. And Abraham rose up early in the morning. Took his son and began to go. So when we talk about the faith of Abraham, we must understand the root of it. The voice of God. Is the stronghold of Abraham's faith. The voice of God was the stronghold of Moses' faith. The reason why our faith seems to be important today is that we have not been experiencing access to his voice, like the heroes of faith that we know of. And tonight I pray that every spiritual deafness be healed in this room tonight. This is so important. God still speaks today. God still speaks today. He said, I am the Lord. I change now. You know what the Apostle said? And as chapter 4 verse 20, we cannot but speak those things we have had. I'm saying, we cannot but speak those things we have had. I'm saying, we cannot but speak the things we have had. What did they hear? He said, and that voice we had, when what we did on the month. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 19, they heard the voice saying, this is my beloved son, he are him. And that made them unshakable in the face of challenge. We cannot but speak those things we have had and we have said. This is so important. Therefore, access to Emma is the bedrock for unshakable faith. Access to the voice of God is the bedrock for unshakable faith. Access to Emma is the bedrock for unshakable faith. Access to Emma is the bedrock for unshakable faith. Your faith and my faith stands to be shaky if it's not rooted in the voice of God. It's time to be shaky if it's not rooted in the voice of God. That's why tonight, I want to spend the time we have trying to look at how to access the voice of God. How to access the voice of God? What does he take to access the voice of God? It's important first for me to say is that God speaks to us through a number of channels. One, he speaks to us directly as it was with Abraham, with Isaac, you know, he said to Isaac, thou shan no go down to Egypt. Do hell in this land. Your blessing is here. So the bedrock of Isaac was rooted in the voice of God that he had access to. Genesis 26 plus 1. You know, go down to Egypt. Do hell in this land. And Isaac went forward. He was strong. He became very great. The Philistines envy them. He had his faith was built on the voice that came to him. And God spoke to the man called Jacob. He said, what is his name? He said Jacob. His name shall no longer be Jacob, but Israel. For say friends that has power with God and with man and has prepared it. And Jacob truly prepared it. For me personally became a nation. Today we have the nation of Israel. The voice of God can change anybody's story dramatically. Anybody. So God speaks to people directly. God spoke to Moses directly. Everywhere you see, and God say. And God say. And God say. And God say. And God say. And God say. All through the story of Moses. God say. God say. God say. And through the voice of God, He got three million people fed. Delhi for 40 years. Through the verse of God, He had water. Water supplies for them. Including washing their clothes. Three million people. A rock was falling in them. A mystery. That was a mystery. Their lives were not swollen. Total head care delivery. There was not one people person among their tribes. I mean, there is so much in the mission of faith. There is so much in it. But at the root of it is access to the voice of God. If you can hear from heaven, the earth will hear you. If you can hear from heaven, this earth must hear you. So God speaks directly to people. Number two very important thing. God speaks to us through his war. Behind every verse of scriptures is the voice of God. Isaiah 34 and verse 16. Isaiah 34 and verse 16. He said, sickly out of the book of the law and read. None of this shall fail. Neither shall anyone to make. For my mouth it has spoken it. And my spirit it has gathered them. So every verse of scripture has the voice of God behind it. Every verse of scriptures has the voice of God behind it. 1976 the Lord spoke to me from Matthew chapter 6 and verse 33. He said, sickly for my kingdom. And all this says that others are dying to get. They shall be added to you. Now from 1976 September 12 till date I have not heard anything to ask. God has simply been adding anything I would need to make. And there's never failed ones. Now behind that scripture was the voice of his Majesty. And when that voice came to us so strong I entered into a vow to make that my left side. I've never had occasion to regret it till now. Sickly for my kingdom and all its demands. And all this says that others are dying to get. Shall be added to you. Very simple. Behind every verse of scripture is the voice of God. 1983 I was open up meeting with my few staff and were praying. And the Lord said to me from Psalm 34 verse 5, my son you have two eyes I said yes. Can you make one to look up and one to look down? And I tried it didn't work. He said any time you are looking on to man never claim to be looking on to me. But they looked on to him and they were lightened. And there is no more. Very graphic picture. That was where I came by the law of absolute dependency on God. Looking at no man for any help including myself. Looking at no man. We have God has given us a blessed ministry. But I am not the sponsor of that ministry. So I slip like a baby. I am not the sponsor I have no worries of any kind on that ministry forever. I don't have no worries. We have about 11,000 workforce that draws pay every month. But I couldn't feel nothing because I am not the one behind that. The voice that came on the 9th of September 1983 sat me free from looking to myself or looking to people for help. Behind every verse of scriptures is the voice of God. In Hebrews chapter 10 verse 5 to 7. And the volume of the books it is written of me. So there are things written of you. Where you get there, he ovales it to you. That this is you I am talking to. Then you are up running. Jesus found where it was written. There is written of you and me in the volume of the book. And when the Holy Ghost leads you into it, the voice of God comes alive from it. Here what he said in Psalm 29 verse 3 to 5. He said the voice of the Lord is upon the waters. He said the almighty tone down. The voice of the Lord is upon many waters. He said the voice of the Lord is powerful. The voice of the Lord is full of majesty. Now let's look at what was seen by water. Efficient chapter 5 verse 26. That damn matters cleanse her by the washing of water by the word of God. That means the voice of the Lord is upon the scriptures. The voice of the Lord is upon every scripture. The almighty tone that's from scriptures. To bring us out of any trouble. The voice of the Lord is there. So he speaks to us through scriptures. Number 3. The Lord also speaks to us by the spirit. For when it's come, he would guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself. For whatever he shall, he shall speak. And he will show you things to come. John 16, 12 and 13. He speaks the spirit of God speaks. The spirit of God speaks. The spirit of God speaks. That is God speaks to us through the Holy Spirit. He speaks to us through the Holy Spirit. So we can hear the voice of the Spirit. You know, in Revelation 2 verse 7, verse 11, Lord the way through. He said, let him that have ears. Let him hear what the spirit is saying to the church. So the spirit is still speaking to the church. He hears from God and speaks it to us. He receives it from the Lord and he releases it to us. The spirit of God is still speaking up to now. God speaks to us through the Holy Spirit. God speaks to us through the Holy Spirit. Now, these are the three main areas that the Holy Spirit or that God speaks to His people directly through the Word and through the ministry of the Holy Spirit. Now, how do we connect with these? Now, God is speaking all the time. He runs a 24-7 system. But you have to tune in before you can get here. The TV set is working all the time. But you have to tune in to know what's going on there. God is speaking all the time. But how do we tune in together? Number one, to hear the voice of God, you must be spiritual. Because a natural amount receives not the things of the spirit. First Corinthians 2, 14. Neither can he know them because they are spiritually designed. The voice of God operates through a spiritual frequency. You have to tune in together. Only the spiritual can assess the voice of God. Only the spiritual can assess the voice of God. Only the spiritual can assess the voice of God. In Revelation chapter 1 and verse 10, He said, I was in the spirit on the last day. And I had a voice saying, I am Alpha and Omega. I was in the spirit and I had. I was in the spirit and I had. I was in the spirit. So if you are not in the spirit, you can hear the voice of the spirit. To you, when you hear a dog, you say it's back in. But I'm not a dog, he's speaking. When you hear a ship, to you, it's bleeding. But I'm not a ship, he's speaking. So you have to be in the ship realm, to hear what the ship is saying. In the same way, you have to be in the realm of the spirit. So here I want the people to go to say, this is where our problem is. It can, a cannibal is severe, not the things of the spirit. Because they are fortunate to him. Neither can he know them. Because they can only be assessed by spiritual people. It cannot know them. We had very interesting experience in 1996. They took me to where our facility now is in Lagos. I was very upset because it was off the town. Completely off. Dr. Bill Wieslin and his wife, they are off. I was very upset. Intellectually tormented. Because it's contrary to every child growth principle of a raid. How do you go into the midst of a jungle? And you expect them to come all the way from town to come in there for what? And so when we got there, I got upset, naturally. But when we got there, I said, now, folks, let's pray. Thank you for all of the efforts. Insight in this place. What exactly are you saying? And the Lord said to me, this is the place. This is the place. You can't hear from God except you are spiritual. Only the spiritual can assess the voice of the spirit. And after hearing that, that was all I needed. I had no Iota of doubt in any part of my system as to whether to walk or not. Not one. Last Sunday we sat communion to 164,000 people. Right in the midst of the jungle. Because God said so. Because God said so. It's so important for us to know that it's time we become spiritual. The church is growing increasingly. People are not committed to this of the spirit anymore. That's why our faith has top producer. We must be spiritual. We must be spiritual. We don't have a choice. If you want to make the most of your journey, you have to be spiritual. You have to be spiritual. To be spiritually minded is life and peace. And to be constantly minded is death. We have no choice but be spiritual. The Lord says the beginning of wisdom and the knowledge of the Holy is understanding. We have to be spiritual. And to us it's given to know the misses of the kind of a girl but to them that are without. All these things are in parables. We have to be spiritual. It's one thing to be saved. It's another thing to be within. We have to be spiritual. We have to understand that the fear of God is fundamental to your fulfillment of destiny. We have to know that. We have to be spiritual. Number two, we have to engage in a quality work in the spirit. Quality work in the spirit. In Galatians 5.25, he said, if we live in the spirit, Galatians chapter 5 and verse 25, if we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. If we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. It's one thing to be spiritual. It's nothing to be working in the spirit. It's one thing to be spiritual. It's nothing to be operating in the spirit. To be spiritual, you are there praying. You are there studying the world. But to be working in the spirit means to be sensitive to the dictates of the spirit. In your daily work, sensitive to the dictates of the spirit, in your daily work. If we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. If we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. So we need to be sensitive to work in the spirit. We need to be sensitive. I remember many years ago, 1991, I was out to check on a friend and I couldn't meet him there. And as soon as I got to the door and met his absence, he immediately took call to me. And I said with my mouth, all things worked together to the advantage of them who loved the Lord. And the Lord said to me, almost immediately, my son seek a quiet place I want to talk to you. The entire thing we call the ministry today came from that encounter. If we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. I was naturally upset, but spiritually sensitive. Spiritual sensitive. And the Lord said to me, seek a quiet place I want to talk to you. This whole vision came out of that simple encounter. This whole vision came out of that. If we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. If we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. 1986 was about to start our Bible school. And then a week to the time, we had not gotten a facility for it. The property we were going to use. And my wife said to me, the school is starting a week's time. Where are they going to resume to? And I replied to humorously, is it your school? And as soon as I said that, aim faith. The Lord opened my eyes to a property in the city. And he said, that is the Bible school. And I got down to the office. I called one of the staff. I said, get in there. There is a property and so on. So please, that's where the Bible school will be. And here, what happened? This fellow got there to the property and made the owner of the property standing in front. And I said, hello, sir. Are you the owner of this property? He said, Jesus is the owner. I'm the caretaker. He said, we need it for Bible school. For Bible school, then it's free. Now, same day, if we live in the spirit, let us also work in the spirit. Let us also work in the spirit. There are many, many spirit to our people who are not working in the spirit. They are only spiritual when it's time to pray. They are spiritual when it's time to study the world. They are spiritual when they are in charge. But they are not working in the spirit. And that's what makes all the difference. Because God can choose to give you directives at any time. In the morning, in the afternoon, in the night. I was in the bedroom when God said, arise. Get down to ligus. Raise me up people. I wasn't in the prayer room. I was in the bedroom. Now, I was driving the car. I was sitting in the car when God said to me, the harvest of Africa is now overripe. Russian, I'm preserving from the gardens. I was in the car. I wasn't in the prayer room. I wasn't in the church. When the man did that, it's now blowing hot. In 45 nations of Africa was delivered. I was in the car. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. It's time for us to understand that spiritual things only answer to spiritual people. Spiritual things only answer to spiritual people. Spiritual things only answer to spiritual people. Number three, we must engage in a lifestyle of praise. A life tie of praise. Isaiah chapter 30 and verse 29 to 31. Dao Shahab is sung as in the night. Isaiah 30, 29 to 31. When the Holy Solomon is kept, he said, and the Lord will cause his glorious voice to be heard. And through the verse of the Lord, Shadya Sinan will be beaten down. That's not a terrible word. You shall have a song. And the Lord shall cause his glorious voice to be heard. You shall have a song. Then you can assess the voice. You shall have a song. People are so depressed that there is no way they can hear from God. You shall have a song. And then the Lord will cause his glorious voice to be heard. Without a song, no access to the voice. Now remember, in 2nd Kings chapter 3 verse 15, Elisha said, bring me a singer. And as she began to play, the hand of the Lord came upon Elisha and the voice of the Lord came calling. You shall have a song. Then the Lord will cause his glorious voice to be heard. You shall have a song. Then you can now hear the voice. You don't have a song. You can hear the voice. You don't have a voice. A song, you can't have the voice. So, Paul said, rejoicing the Lord always. And again I say, rejoice. He said, rejoice evermore. I wanted to know what he said, joy. If you are not joyful, you can't assess his voice. With us his voice will remain a victim. So rejoice in the Lord. And again I say, rejoice. Rejoice evermore. The truth is this, God's people are here from God every day. God speaks to me every day. I've never needed anyone to encourage me in 30 years. I've never needed an encouragement in 30 years. That song I will sit with me and say, oh brother David, don't get worried. There is no worry around me. In the presence of the Lord there is fullness of joy. Let me tell you this. The devil wants to depress you so as to rob you of God's presence. He wants to depress you to rob you of access to God's voice. He wants to depress you to keep you in captivity. You cannot be oppressed until you are first depressed. Therefore be free from every spirit of depression in the name of Jesus. Be free from every spirit of depression in the name of Jesus. And then of course number four, engage a lifestyle of prayer and fasting. I think that's where we have the problem down here. Engage a lifestyle of prayer and fasting. Prayer is not a rescue system. Prayer is a lifestyle. Jesus said, when you pray, not if you pray. Matthew 6 was 6 to 8. He said, Bordal, when down prayers. So it's an issue of when. It must be a program of your life. When you pray, you went down prayers and when you pray. Now he went on in verse 16 of the same Matthew chapter 6. He said, when you fast? Bordal, when down fasted. So prayer and fasting according to the teaching of Jesus is supposed to be our way of life. A lot of people here have testimonies of the presence of God that comes on them when this time within on him. Very strange. Until prayer and fasting becomes your lifestyle, you are far from access to this realm of faith. This realm of faith requires that you learn how to stand upon your watch and set yourself upon the tower. So here what you will say to you and the Lord said, ride the vision. And the Lord said, ride the vision. Think of it. I was written on the Lord when the Lord delivered me from the tendencies for indebtedness. 1981. And I saw in my Bible, waiting on the Lord. He told me chapter 15 verse 6. He said, the Lord that God blesses you as He has promised you and thou shalt lend unto many nations. But thou shalt not borrow. And I said, why? He said, because borrower is savant to the lender. So why, Lord? He said, and you cannot suffer too much. So we have to choose one and despise the other. I said, Lord, I choose you. October 4, 1981, God delivered me from the trap of debt. I have never owned a dime or borrowed a dime from any motorman living or dead since 1981. God has been saying, when you wait on the Lord, He said, they shall your land break forth. As of security, your land will break forth as the money. We need a breaking forth. When we are away from the body, we are present with the Lord. We need to know how to be present with the Lord. Most of the things working in my life today, they came by waiting on the Lord and it's working. It's working. 1982. I started and I said, God, show me the secret of condom prosperity. And I took the co-plans books and my Bible to wait on the Lord for three days on the third day, light broke out. And the Lord said, my son, David, my prosperity plan is not your promise. It does not answer to prayers. It's not your promise. That's no respect for fasting. My prosperity plan is a covenant until your part is played. I am not committed. Direct rema from heaven. And I said, what is my part? Why in the last three minutes? See, time and habit shall not cease. I had from God. I screamed and I said, I can never be poor. That was the day. God took me out of any realm of poverty. Waiting on the Lord helps you to hear God clearly. Your hearing becomes more distinct. You can tell exactly what God is saying for you to do. And then you are operating. Prayer and fasting must become a lifetime if we must enjoy. God's plan unpopples for the hour. And as we close tonight, you want to hear from God because His victory is ward. Engage in the search for the truth. Engage in the search for the truth on any subject matter. Engage in the search for the truth. God speaks to us through His words. If you are challenging in any realm and you want to hear what God is saying, then pick on those materials that show where it is. And then you can find what God is saying. You know, He said, I have also spoken by the prophets. And I have multiplied visions and use similarities through the ministry of the prophets. We see chapter 12 and verse 10. So you collect materials that will help you understand it on the subject matter. And then God speaks to you through those materials to know what exactly to do. If you know what He knows, and you hear what He hears, you will get the same result that He gets. God is not a specter or person. And God multiplies visions through the ministry of prophets. He multiplies visions through the ministry of apostles. You hear them and then God opens you up to what is next for you to do in life. My prayer today is that every one of us here, we begin to explore the unlimited opportunities in faith. Faith has the answer to all human questions. Faith has the answer to all human questions. Faith has the answer to all human questions. Faith has the key to every dog you want to see opened. Faith has the key to every disease that may come on your life. Faith has the victory in every battle that you may ever be confronted with. As far as God is concerned, it is to every man according to his faith. And the stronghold of faith is access to the voice of God. You can't hear Him and doubt Him. You can't hear Him and not believe Him. You can't hear Him and not get results. The voice of God will always generate testimonies. Any day, any time, anywhere. The Bible says, and in His temple does everyone speak of His glory. In His temple, everyone speaks of His glory. Today, I've seen God. The Bible says, under what became flesh and dwelt among us. I've seen God in practically all areas of life. I've seen God move in some strange ways because we are in the same days of the church. These last days are strange days. These never had of. I began it to happen. And I believe we are all here today between the next conversation. Some things will be taken place in your life. That if you were told yourself, you would not believe it. We are in the strangest days of the church. Some fellow went in for a job, and as he sat down at the interview panel, they said, hey, we are higher than you. You are already employed. Join us on the panel. He went in for an interview for a job. They hired him right there and asked him to join them on the panel. He became a boss right there. We are in the strange days of the church. And all we need is to be able to pick on this frequency, working with God, working with God, working with God. We are serving a faithful God. Our God is no fake. We are serving our faithful God. His presence will always make the difference. His voice will always put you on top of life situations. God is real and God is here. God is real and God is here. God is real and God is here. God is real and God is here. God is real and God is here. God is real and God is here. Whatever he says, that is what he will do. God is not a joker. He means what he says and he says what he means. Whatever he says to you, that is exactly what he does. Tonight I pray that whatever thing might be stopping your access to the voice of God, be broken down forever. As you pick his war, may his voice continue to tone down from the picture of scriptures to you. And as you see that, you find things working. Every day of my life, God has directed my steps and I've seen the difference. It's effortless. It's so good-free. You can be free from more struggles. It's effortless. It's so good-free. We built a second university all out of the blessings of God, out of his house. Blessings of God. You have said you do not have enough room to take them. Out of reserves. No noise, no nothing. You just find the buildings rising. A whole campus of 1,400 acres of property. All road networks, water, power, everything in place. Stuff housing, everybody together. It's humbling. And that's when God speaks. You can be sure what happens next. When God speaks, you can be sure of what happens next. My prayer tonight is this. If it's working in Nigeria, if it's working in Africa, it will work anywhere else. It will work anywhere else. It will work anywhere. If it's working out there, it will work anywhere else. If I were you, therefore, Lord, show me what I've shown that man. If you want to get the kind of result he's getting, just God, show me what I've shown that man. And then he shows it to you. He speaks to you. And then you are all on the same frequency. I knew that we are about brother Copeland was going, I was going there. I knew that. 1982, I encountered him. And I knew that. I knew I was going to, we are about, I was going. So then Lagos, we have our own hunger. At the airport. Build depth-free, struggle-free, strategically located. Strategically located. All by the blends of God. So then we have close to about 30 seconds of schools across the nation. Most of them are boarding schools. And about 90 primary schools spread across the nation. All by the blessings of God. I can tell you this. Just one word from God. We bring this time in you out. The Bible said, the Lord sent a word into Jacob. And it lighted upon Israel. We are not asking you to give so the church can be blessed. We are asking you to give so you can be blessed. Yes. The church is a blessed body. He said, the Guru of this little house, a great entrepreneur, the Savior is mine. And the God is mine, say the Lord. We are not giving us a sponsor. We are giving us a privilege, Copeland and Child. You are too small to sponsor the kingdom. You are too small to sponsor the kingdom. Because God's projects are going to go size. You can measure up. You are too small to be a kingdom sponsor. No. Don't ever mistake yourself as a sponsor. Ah, mission has no sponsor. The Savior is mine. And the God is mine. Say the Lord. But we get blessed along as he carries out his project on the earth by committing ourselves to it. A new giving was the way up. And I committed myself to it by covenant. And bless God. I'm not done. I'm off. Some fellow said, OK, I was worth 150 million. I said, that's an insult. 150 million? That's an insult. I'm worth Philippians 4, 19. My gosh, I supply. Oh, my name. According to the sweetest in glory, buy Christ Jesus. 150 million too small. That can't be. That can't be. He said, you shall lay off gold as dust. Is that 150 million? And check it out. Please, check it out as I close. Check it out. Now, giving does not automatically resort into prosperity. You have to be spiritual for your giving to community times. You have to be spiritual. Now, here what he said, he said, I received and prayed the law from his mouth. And lay off his words in your heart. If you return to the old mighty, you'll be built up. Then you shall put iniquity far from your tabernacle. Then shall you lay off gold as dust. Job 22 verse 21 to 26. Then shall you lay off gold as dust. So God is not interested in your donations. It is for people that need donations. The earth is the Lord and the fullness are all. God does not need no donation from you. Your giving is a spiritual transaction. Not a donation. And when it's acceptable, the returns become obvious. It's so important we need to be spiritual. George is not a bank. Where anything you bring is acceptable. You must give it correctly before it's acceptable. There are many givers who are frustrated. Why they are given off spiritual affliquancy. They are given off spiritual affliquancy. Is that you shall take iniquity far from you. You can't be cheated on your company and say you are given. You can't be in drug business. This is what he does in this. I say you are given. He says people need to know it. He says it will purify us. Then our sacrifices will be acceptable to God. Malachi chapter 3 verse 1 to 5. So we need to have spiritual root to assess our inheritance. Here what Paul said. He said I commend you to God and to the world of grace. And give your inheritance among them which are sanctified. So you don't have any inheritance without a commitment to sanctification. Come on now. You don't have no inheritance. Ask chapter 20 and verse 32. You have no inheritance except to a committed to sanctification as a lifestyle. Srive into please God in the spirit. Working in love. Not robbing people. We need to wake up to this. Can I tell you this? God is going to prosper the end time church in a most dangerous way. I know that. I know God with prosper. We are in the golden age of the church. Here what he said. He said who among you saw the girl of this house in this process? How do you see it now? Is it not as compared to nothing? What I tell you, the girl of this little house shall be greater than the former. The silver is mine. And the gold is mine. Say the Lord. How God chapter 2 verse 3 to 9. And then in Malachi chapter 3. He said in that day when I make up my Jewish, they shall be mine. So there is a day of kingdom, economy. There is a day of divine economy. Malachi chapter 3 verse 7. We are in that day when God's treasures would be unleashed on the earth. So those who are truly serving God. Then shall you return and descend between the righteous and the wicked, between them that serve God and them that serve Him not. Malachi chapter 3 verse 7 and 18. So it's time for us to clean up. As it's time to clean up. As it is time to clean up. As it is time to clean up so that our sacrifices can be acceptable to go. As it is time to clean up. So that our tithes and offerings can ascend to God as a Swissman in several. As it is time to clean up. God receives my offerings and it shows in my life. God accepts my sacrifices and it shows in my life. The true disease I have never had to pray for food. I've never had to pray for payment of bills. I've never had to. When it's acceptable, it's acceptable. My praise is that beginning from now your offerings, your sacrifices, shall be acceptable to go. My God said, if you do what I'm asking you to do, you will lay up gold as dust. And the gold of offer as the stones of the Brooks. He said, yeah, the Almighty shall be their defense. And thou shalt have what? Plenty of silver. Plenty. We are in the days of strange plenty. Strange plenty. We are in the days of strange plenty. But the grace of God was starting to offer us, thought the university very shortly. The activity is about to kick up because we want to remain the light of the world. We want to be part of putting smiles on the face of people. They need it and if he sent us to offer it, let's go ahead and do it. And it's never fade once. Some strengthens will happen by your hands between now and the next year's commission. Individuals here, companies here, corporations here. God is going to visit you with very strange favor. Very strange favor. Take committed to God. Take committed to the demands of the kingdom. Get excited. You are running an individual race. Get excited about it. And very shortly it will be clear. Those who are serving God and those who are not serving Him. This is your hour. This is your hour. This is your hour. God is busy decorating the church right now. God is beautifying the church right now. And you will never be left behind. You will never be left behind. You will never be left behind. Come on, give the Lord a big hand of praise. Cheers. Cheers. Shall we all rise to our feet? Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Hallelujah. Shall we lift up our hands to heaven? Yes. Jesus. Amen. Thank You for the voice. Thank You for the voice. Amen. Thank You for the voice. Thank You for the voice. Thank You for the voice. Somebody celebrate Jesus right now. Celebrate Jesus right now. Amen. And Jesus' name. Well, just in a moment, it's I KNOW my ship. know my sheep and they know my voice. I know my sheep and they know my voice. Until you are one of his sheep, you can never assess his voice. The child of a man naturally assesses the voice of man. The child of a Google assesses the voice of a good. Only the child of God cannot assess the voice of God. It's important to be saved. It's important to be born again. Going to church, one thing, bending Christ and other things. I can tell you this. I was up in Orlando yesterday to see the one who led me to Christ in 1969. A short missionary lady in a very advanced age. She took me and led me to Christ by hand. 1969 February 19. What a day. And we're still celebrating her who are visiting to cook in our kitchen, helping her out. I mean, there's a joy to be saved this real. Salvation is no make-up. Salvation is real. Salvation is real. Do I have a witness in the house here? Please get seated. Let me invite everyone that is not saved yet. Jesus said, you must be born again. You must be born again. Wherever you are, you want to be saved. You want to give your life to Christ. Please turn to your feet so we can pray with you. What a night. Please get up on your feet. Wherever you are. In the videos, these halls give a flow. Facilities, please get up on your feet. Everyone that wants to give is our life to Christ. You don't pay nothing for it. You paid everything already. Jesus already paid fully to your account. Wherever you are, get up on your feet, please, and so we can pray. Get up on your feet.