Now this evening very briefly, we'll be looking at the power of thoughts, the power of thoughts, or call it the key of thoughts. In the School of Success, your thoughts constitute a very powerful key in factorizing your dream of success. Remember in Joshua chapter 1 verse 8, he said, this book of the law shall not depart out of your mouth. It shall not depart out of your mouth, and whatever comes out of your mouth is nothing but an expression of your thoughts, Matthew 1234, out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaker. That means in the School of Success, the key of thoughts is a vital key. So no more say as a man thinketh in his heart. So is he. Proverbs 23 and verse 7. You can't think one thing and become another. What you think is what to become. You can't think failure and suddenly become a success. And you can't truly think success and end up a failure. So it is your thoughts that either make you or breaks you. One of the greatest success stories in Bible history is recorded in Genesis chapter 11, when people set themselves up to be the tower whose top will reach unto heaven. And when God was reviewing the situation, he made a very vital statement. In chapter 11 verse 6, and now this they began to do and nothing can be refrained from them with they had imagined to do. So the validity of their success was rooted in their imagination with they had imagined to do. Whatever is too big for your imagination is too big for your manifestation. Whatever is too big for your imagination is too big for your manifestation. It is actually your imagination that sets the pace for your destination. So where you find yourself tomorrow is a function of your thoughts today. Your thoughts today defines your placement tomorrow. So what you think is what you think is the best way to do it. What you think is the best way to do it. Today defines your placement tomorrow. You have done everything I'm not sure you have done this enough. That's why the Bible says I believe that the heart of man is deep and desperately wicked who can know it. Inside they may sink in no one can really make it in Nigeria. At the same time he is walking to make it. And God the eye, God the eye is such the heart and I know the range to make it happen to everyone according to his thoughts. Inside his heart is that except you know somebody in Nigeria any of the top men business is an impossible venture. So all his business began crushing because he doesn't know anybody and the people he knows are not strong enough. So he has problems. That's why I said the heart of man is deep and desperately wicked. That means most people's problems is rooted in the ongoing of their heart. He said I the Lord I sat the heart and I know the range to give on to everyone according to his ways and according to the fruits of his doings. Jeremiah chapter 17 that's God's word that your thoughts play a most vital role in determining your success in life. That is most of man's frustration is dressed up to the ongoing in his heart. Verse 9 the heart is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked who can know it. I the Lord such the heart I tried to raise even to give every man according to his ways and according to the fruit of his doings. Jeremiah chapter 17 verses 9 and 10 this is very important and now this they began to do and not they can be different from them when they had imagined to do. When your imagination says established your destination is secured. Out of the abundance of your heart the mouth speak it. Out of the abundance of the mouth. I don't have access to your heart but Lisa can hear your words. And what you say is a betrayal of what you think. What you say is a direct betrayal of what you think. What you say is a direct betrayal of what you think. What you say is a betrayal of what you think. What you say is a direct expression of what you think. But remember the Bible said out of their abundance so it's not everything you say. There are more you didn't say. But this what you say is a pointer to part of what you are thinking. It's another flow of your thoughts. It's deeper than that. God only knows the details. I can't have some ideas. If I stay between 24 hours I can tell whether you are heading for success or heading for a crush. I don't believe in failure so I don't I don't think it. Because I don't think it. I can't say it. It's important. Many prayer warriors are willing because fundamental issues are out of place. Now no matter how hard you pray and how many days you fast. The Bible says that a man is thinking in his heart. So your fast can break scriptures. For the scriptures cannot be broken. The scriptures cannot be broken. The scriptures cannot be broken. So I want to encourage you today. Keep your heart with all diligence for out of it at the issues of life. What life offers you is accessible absolutely to what goes on in your heart or what makes up your thoughts. Proverbs chapter 4 and verse 23. He said therefore keep your heart with all diligence for out of it at the issues of life. There is more to success than hard work. There is more to success than skill. There is more to success than strength. There is more to success than strong will. One of the vital keys in the School of Success is what I've shared with you briefly tonight. The key of success thoughts. You think success to truly succeed. You think success to truly succeed. It's not enough to be working at success. You must possess an attitude that guarantees success. You want success so you can be a blessing. And then you think success. You don't allow impossibility to be clouded your mind. If God can handle it, then I can. Because He lives in me. If God will make it in this kind of circumstance, then I will make it. Because it's with me. If God cannot fail on that situation, then I cannot fail. Because greater I see that is in me, that is in the world. That is how to consolidate your success thoughts. Your size of every challenge with God. Every what? Your size of every challenge with God. David said, you have come to me with experience. But when I come to you in the name of the Lord God of Israel, I don't have the kind of whippers who have, but I have a kind of God you don't have. Even today, my God will bring down your head. Did He bring that head down or not? Now everybody, before you, we give way this week. I said this month, everything that is carrying your destiny, we bow at your feet. David said, I come to you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. Not in my name. I don't have what He takes to meet you, but He does. God will give me the lion and the beard. He will give you to me today. So David knew it was God who gave him the lion. He knew it was God who gave him the beard. So He had that arm for Goliath. So success towards is accessible to your absolute dependency on God. You are absolutely dependent on God for his odds. Absolutely. David stepped out against Goliath and he brought down his big head. Every Goliath that is carrying and defiling your destiny and touching your destiny one way or another, you are bringing their head out of a testimony this month. Can I hear your loud amen? I have seen many skillful people become great failures. Many strong people have crushed under their own weight. But if God be for you, who can be against you? If God be for you, who can be against you? I'd like you to know at this point God is never to blame as per your very situation now. It is one thing you lack that you are yet to discover that is the reason for where you are. And when you discover and apply yourself to it, the heavens will open over your head. The end has come to every frustration in your life. I'd like you to please take note of this. Your thoughts are much more vital than your walks. It is your thoughts that give value to your walks. When your thoughts are negative, it negates the effect of your walk for as a man think at any heart. So easy. Is it in your Bible that by strange or no man prevail? That means strength is not a principal factor in the school of success. It's not of him that will it, nor of him that run, but of God as yet messy. Your will is not a major factor in the school of success. He said, I looked on the listen and I discovered that the path is not to the strong, neither yet rest to the swift, neither yet favorable to men of skill. That means your smartness is not a principal factor in the school of success. But your thoughts is rated far above. Your strength, far above. Your skill, far above. Your smartness, far above. Everything you are capable of doing. May your thoughts allow your destiny to come to light. That truth is this. The only impossible learn. It's a land that you are walking by yourself. When you are walking in with God, every land is a land of possibility. Every business is a business of possibility. Wherever you are placed by God, it's a place that must open to you by His hand. So wake up and let it walk. Wake up and let it walk. Wake up and let it walk. So before you think of your acts, the things to do, watch your attitude, watch your thoughts, and this too we give a proper value to your acts. Without the right attitude, the right thoughts, all of your acts start to be negated without any effect. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that this brief charge will set a new peace for your life. Rise to your feet, everybody. One thing down the darkest. One thing. And when he showed him that thing, he was very angry. And he went away, sorrowful. He went away, what sorrowful? He hated to discover what he lacked. So he went away sorrowful. He hated it. How can you tell me this ordinary thing? What of all the other ones have been doing? How can this ordinary thing consume the effect of all the other things that I'm doing? He went away sorrowful. He went away sorrowful. A man came here, one of us, and gave his testimony. He had a first class in mathematics. How many did he remember the testimony? First class in mathematics. And for 17 years, he was a practical expression of failure. 17 years, he was totally frustrated. Until he made Jesus here. I'm sure you know what first class in mathematics means. Neda yet favor to man of skill. The part is not to be strong. Neda derives to the swift. Neda yet favor to man of skill. He made Jesus here and he turned his destiny around. There is more to life than strength than skill, you need to understand what makes it work. And this book is a creator's manual designed to give his creator the best of experience on earth. Your thoughts either make you or break you. Lift up those two hands. Receive from heaven. Grace. To protect your heart. Against every form of corruption. That tend to frustrate destiny. This is vital. This is important to pray that prayer for yourself. For as a man thinker in his heart, so is he. The Bible says therefore, keep your heart with all diligence for out of it are the issues of life. God is more than enough to get you through to where you are going. Lift up your voices. Pray for grace from heaven to protect your heart from every thought that leads to frustration and failure. Glory to the Lamb of God. Pray that prayer over your life. Lord, grace to protect my heart from every negative thought. Every thought that brings failure and frustration are received at grace now. And Jesus, precious name. This book is designed to purify our thoughts. To do what? To make us think and learn with God's thoughts. This is God's thoughts and print. My ways are not your ways and neither are my thoughts, your thoughts. So when you get addicted to this book, it sanctifies your thought, brings it into life with the way God thinks. And that makes life very colorful for you. This is a mind cleanser. What do I call it? This cleanse is the mind. It purifies the mind. It purifies everything that is on the Earth and purifies the mind. I read from this book, that God is not a spectre of persons. And to cause to me God is not a spectre of persons or colors or nationalities. But in every nation that gives me the confidence that whatever God would do anywhere else in the world He would do with me wherever I was positioned. me, we are never as positioned me. So there is no green pasture anywhere than we are God is. And that made a lot of impact on my life. I read my Bible that the same God over all this region to all that call upon him. There's no difference between the Jews and the grid between the white and the black. Oh, God's word is a mind cleanser. He sanctifies the mind and makes you think in line with God's thoughts. And that makes the Johnny great any day, any way out at any time. So to keep your mind pure. This is it. To sanctify your mind. This is it. It's not all those junk papers you are reading every day. Some people with the time you spend on some of those junk materials. One tenth of that time is spent on this book. You be ten times more than where you are now. I know I'm a look up past or I'm primitive, but I'm enjoying it anyway. This is the book that forms my fundamental news every day. You write about me and paper you are wasting time because I don't have time for it. I'm sure it's to me like this doesn't make meaning. You're in your business and I know my business. My business is here. Amen. That's where it is. And Jesus, precious name. Amen.