We have been looking at unveiling the wonders in the world and from last Sunday we began a section of these. When we started talking about commanding supernatural blessings commanding supernatural blessings and we started the first and second part. It's part of the wonders in the world and it's most relevant for the time that we live in. When there is a global economic meltdown and men's heart are beginning to feel them for fear and heart attack is on the increase because most people cannot see a future in their future and that's why the world is coming to us today again on commanding supernatural blessings as we move on to part three of it. Praise the Lord. We read in the beginning that God has been mindful of us. He will bless us. Psalm 115 from verse 12. God has been mindful of us and he will bless us. He will bless the house of Israel. He will bless the house of Iran. He will bless the people. He will bless the priests. Iran represents priesthood. Israel represents his people. So God will bless the people. He will bless the priests. He will bless the people. He will bless the priests. So no one is exempted. So we are not poor because we are ministry. We are poor because we lack spiritual understanding of what makes reach. We are not poor because we are in civil service. We are poor because we lack spiritual understanding of what blesses people. Your career and profession is not equal to blessing. The blessings of the Lord is what make it reach not the career of man. The blessings of the Lord. It can be where color job. It can be brown color job. It can be blue color job. Whatsoever he do it. It shall prosper. Whatsoever he do it. It shall prosper. Whatsoever he do it. It shall prosper. One of the top 10 wealthiest men in the world is in furniture. As a matter of fact, three years ago, he was number one. And whatsoever he do it, it shall prosper. So what do you think that passes with no prosper because they are ministry? No. He shall bless the house of Israel and he shall bless the house of Iran. He shall bless all them that fear him. Both great and small. God has been mindful of us. He will bless us. You don't have to be in business as it were to be blessed. He will bless all them that fear him. Both great and small. So supernatural blessing is the heritage of the people of God. Oh, that fear him. The people of God. Both great and small. Oh, that fear him. Oh, a young man came up this morning giving a testimony of coming out of NYC and wanted a company of his own and all that stuff and was tying into God and walking in the revolution of the world of God. And then he's having breakthroughs. He will bless all that fear him. Both great and small. You don't have to be old before you are blessed. He will bless all that fear him. All that fear him. Both great and small. All that fear him. Both great and small. He will bless all that fear him. Both great and small. God has been mindful of us. He will bless us. He will bless the house of Israel. It will bless the house of Iran. So your time to be blessed is here. And Proof of chapter 10 and verse 22, the verse it is the blessings of the Lord that make it rich and he adds no sorrow and he added no sorrow to it. He added no sorrow to it. The blessings of the Lord. The blessings of the Lord. Some trust and horses, orders and chariots, but we would trust in the name of the Lord our God and they are falling but we are standing upright. It is not this key of man that makes rich. It is the blessings of the Lord. Amen. I saw in that the sun that the butter is not to the strong. That this is not to the swift. Neither yet favored to men of scale. So it is not anybody's skill that makes rich or bless is him. It is the blessings of the Lord on the walks of your hand that makes rich. And so what we need to do is to know how to connect with such blessings from on high. How to connect with such blessings from on high. And according to the word of the Lord, the patronage of chapter 8 and verse 8 in. But thou shalt remember the Lord that go for it is he that give it the power to get with that image established to you the covenant that is we want to their fathers as it is this day. So God empowers his people to enjoy his blessings on the platform of the covenant. God empowers his people to assess his blessings on the platform of the covenant. God empowers his people to connect with his blessings on the platform of the covenant. You shall remember the Lord that go for it is he that give it the power to get with that image established to you the covenant that is we are on to their fathers as it is this day. So you are empowered to enjoy supernatural blessings on the platform of the covenant. And the scriptures can not be broken. So if you don't know to connect with the blessings of the Lord through the covenant then you cannot be blessed. But God has ordained that to a blessed and today is that day. I had a little experience in my grain of days and I discovered that there is nothing difficult about mathematics. It is lack of understanding of the examples that makes mathematics a problem. If you understand the examples then you don't have a problem in dealing with any mathematical situation. These examples will show you what to do with the problems. And that is very by the way we said be not thoughtful but follow us of them who through faith and patience obtain the promises. That means try to find out those who are for pretend the kind of blessings you are seeking to operate and then line up with them operating their footsteps and you will walk into the same model of blessings. Hebrews chapter 6 and verse 11 and because there is nothing new under the sun there is nothing we are looking for today that people have not experienced before. Hebrews 6 verse 12 and being not successful but follow us of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. Follow those who have inherited what you are seeking to inherit and then you walk yourself into your inheritance. There is nothing new under the sun. There is nothing new under the sun. And now under this economic global economic meltdown global confusion the only way out the cheapest way out of this situation is to know how to connect with the blessings from on high. That is the only security any right-thinking person should seek today. And I know we are right thinking people we have the mind of Christ and that's the way forward. In Isaiah chapter 51 and verse 1 to 3. God again reinstated his truth. Look onto Abraham. I came to me here that follow after righteousness that seek the Lord. Look onto the rock from where you are going and to the whole of the people when you are dicted. Verse 2 look onto Abraham your father and to Sarah that bear you. I call them alone and bless them and increase them. Verse 3 for the Lord shall comfort Zion. He will comfort all our ways places. He will turn our witness into Eden and our desert into the garden of the Lord. Joy and Glanesha behind in her and the voice of melody. Look onto Abraham your father and to Sarah that bear the for I call them alone and bless them and increase them. For the Lord we comfort Zion. He will comfort all our ways places. He will turn our witness into Eden and our desert into the garden of the Lord. Joy and Glanesha behind in her. Transgiving and the voice of melody. You want to be blessed look to Abraham. Check out on the steps it took into the blessings of the Lord. Look at Abraham and then you will begin to enjoy the same order of blessings, the same order of blessings, the same order of blessings. I'm not blessed because I'm privileged to pass to a large church. I've been blessed before the church was born. Amen. Not that I got free from death as the church was growing. Never. I was never in depth once. I never borrowed. I never begged. So I have a little understanding of how to connect with the blessings of the Lord. When God blesses your five loops and two fishes you'll be surprised what comes out of it. Five loops and two fishes will feed 5,000 men or women and children. That means the blessing of the Lord upon five loops and two fishes can last you more than 10,000 days. The blessings of the Lord. Assuming the women they are were just the same number as men minus children. You are talking about 10,000 people. One launch last 10,000 people. 10,000 people with the blessings of the Lord. The blessings of the Lord came upon the crews of oil and the pot of flour of the widow of Zareppard and lasted them throughout the years of farming. And that was three and a half years. Three and a half years the blessings of the Lord came upon the last meal and multiplied it to last three and a half years feeding herself the son and the prophet. And of course the son of the prophet because he was there. The last meal for one woman and one son to eat and die according to her. Last day three and a half years. That is the wonders of the blessings of the Lord. It's not about you know somebody knowing somebody and somebody now visiting somebody and somebody now giving somebody an envelope nonsense. That's not it. That's not where the blessing of the Lord is. It makes it rich and it asks no sorrow to it. The blessings of the Lord upon your little will make it a wonder. How was I living? How are we living with three hundred and a half months? The blessings of the Lord. Never beg it. Never added a dime of church money to our money forever. How is it happening? The blessings of the Lord. Where are people? Are they thousands and are still borrowing the absence of the blessings? There are many who claim their own business. They don't own them. The banks own the businesses. Banks own the businesses. They want who has the capital owns the business. You're only running it for him. How do you explain a multi billion project without an announcement enjoyed? The blessings of the Lord. Let me show you the secret. It's not about knowing somebody or not knowing somebody. I have sons to do in government. They are bestowing order never to offer me a dime a seed because they don't have money. It's government's money. I took one of them throughout your tenure. Never tried. I don't need it. It's all because he has it. Years ago, I took one of them before the last 1989. It happened after military intervention and order stopped. I went there and they gave me an envelope. They invited me to bless him after he attended the meeting that I went for in his state and then asked if I could please bless him in his house. And I brought him and he gave me an envelope. I said, is it your money? Very simple. It is not a passage of envelopes that makes reach. It is the blessings of the Lord. It's the blessings of the Lord. That's what makes reach and they ask no sorrow to him. I will not be any less wealthier than I am if you are not here. No. My worth is not a function of your presence. It's a function of my connection. Somebody here when I'm talking about it. Thank you for your envelopes but without them, I'm still what I am. Because I've been this way before I met you so it could not have been your envelope that made it happen. The places of the Lord. The world is heading for a Holocaust. I had my mental set prophetically set this situation with last seven years. I'm so excited about it. For then shall you return and disarm between the righteous and the wicked, between him that savage God and him that is freaking it. Then shall you return and disarm between the righteous and the wicked, between him that savage God and him that savage him not. Malachi 3 verse 18. Oh my heart now is out to bless the nations. Searching of your foundation to bless the nations and I'm ready to go. So to go to the nation I say here is two million to savage certain things in the local community that may never have life and then just inject life into the place. That's the next phase of my life. I may have to see a cargo plane that will be carrying relief materials from the nations to nation. I'm blessed and then naked and helping the sick to beware. That's blessing. It's not having something to eat and drink and send children to school. That's a waiver. So now we bless you and thou shall be a blessing and indeed shall all the families of the art. Be blessed. There is no job you can't do that can get to the point. Even America now deregulate the salaries of corporate leaders. You can't earn more than this one from now and you can't design. Praise God. Praise God. So tightening is not a means of blessing the church. No. It's a means of connecting you to the blessings of the Lord. A church would never need your tight. I may send this forever. Some are angry about it. Some are afraid because they are angry. The blessing is just continuing as you know what it is. Praise God. If it's your diet and want to take record and call you on phone or send SMS to you. I say, your title has not arrived. I know you are one of the media titles that are churches today around the world. We are the know people and they see them according to the weight of their financial fortune. If you give 10 billion error you won't sit on this seat on the account of your 10 billion error. Never. If you are not ordained a pastor, you will never sit down here. Nobody knows your name. Nobody is asking your name. Nobody knows your address. You come, you come for yourself. We don't come, we don't come for yourself. What a blessed place. Okay, name a church in the world. We are the embarking on a 3 billion and above budget without an announcement in church. Name one. Name a church where you buy a plane, 25 million and no announcement. Name one. I'm talking about the blessings of the Lord. Wake up and connect with it. It's not about the church. It's not about the pastor. It's not about the poor. It's about you. Windows of heaven. Your only way to financial empowerment. Financial fortune answers to your supernatural empowerment by the appalling of the Spirit of the Lord, which is provoked by your tithing. It is provoked by your tithing. It is provoked by your tithing. Now the companies are dying. Businesses are closing up. The only way to keep your own alive is to connect with the flow of heavenly blessing. And as one way, you will be in the love of Jesus. The way is tithing. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. That is the way you are in power. And just like before you can be baptized in the Holy Goose, you have to repent. Before the Holy Goose can come on you. So before you can be financially empowered, you have to commit to a lifestyle of tiredness. You have to commit to it. Repent and then you receive the Holy Goose, diet and then you are financially empowered. It's all the same. That's the covenant. So God will always send messengers of the covenant ahead of the days of trouble so as to bail out people who will have been victims. For every title in this ministry, this thing will never touch you no matter how many people are touching around the world. I like to be excited because that is your own security. Your title is the security of your life, your family and your business. Understand it. Here it is. Abraham was a title. I may not agree with that. In Genesis chapter 14, Abraham paid the title of all. And Abraham, he has from God, he must have had from God, that to connect with the end, the flow of my blessings, title is a gateway. Abraham was the first to title. And Abraham will not do anything except as instructed. Abraham was instructed by the Lord, this is a gateway to my continuous flow of blessings on your life. So Abraham paid the title of all. Let's look at it. 14th. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Now we saw here, verse 20, I'm blessed be the most high goal which has delivered the enemies into the harm and he gave him title of all. He gave him what title Abraham gave to mechicetic title of all. And if Abraham sees what you do, you do the walks of Abraham. You and I can never connect with the blends of Abraham without doing what Abraham did. Abraham paid that he gave him title of all. And mechicetic was Christ in a figure in the Old Testament. That was Christ in a figure in the Old Testament. In chapter 7 of Hebrews, the Bible says here, men that die, receive a title, but they are in receive a them. So your title answers in heaven, where does he answer? Your title answers in heaven. Your title answers in heaven, they are in receive a them because your title answers in heaven. I like it to please understand this. God has vowed to exempt you from this global economic murder. So you need to stay connected to the channel of the flow of His blessings. You need to stay connected. You need to stay connected. We understand from these scriptures that Abraham went out with 380 men into that war. So what Abraham paid was not a personal title. It was a corporate title. What was it? The kingdom of Abraham is still alive today. It was a corporate title. It was not his personal, not his portion from this point. It was the title of the entire spoil that is army brought back. It was a corporate title. That was what opened my eyes that connects this ministry to this ever flowing blessing. I only knew about personal title when I encountered God in 1982, but 1987, I saw the reality of corporate title and this church began same day, same day. We saw the first one million the entire year in 1988, that would tell you where we were coming from. 1986 was just barely about 760,000 the entire year, this ministry worldwide. Just let you know where we were coming from. But on the 4th of September 1987, Jesus visited me at Sheratin Hotel. I came in here for a ministry, for a meeting in the church and I was in Hebrew chapter 7 and on 4th of May the ministry of corporate title, that's what has kept the heaven open over this ministry. If you are the one blessed and your company is not blessed, the company we drain the blessing it will have no effect on your life. Imagine if I were to be paying what this church is paying today. I would be on the streets, I would eat. But because the church is blessed as a corporation, as an organization, as a mission, and I am blessed as a person, then there is no tension. So many people are saying church are blessed but the walks of your hand are not blessed. Because they have not brought it under an open heaven. It takes the tides of all to be blessed oran. It takes the tides of all to be blessed oran. I will open you the windows of heaven and pour you out a blessing, I would say there should not be enough room to receive them, to receive them. This is 2009, it's quite some years, 22 clear years I think. And the blessing is this speaking, the blessing is speaking on this church's range. This church is into titan in more time millions without any stress. Not even when we are building the faith of Naku was it? No. No. Today we run the university as running a primary school, there is no tension, there is no financial tension to start organizing. I remember my wife was talking about endowment scheme for the university, we already endowed. I would not endowed. We are heavily endowed. People should be caught in us now, we are not caught in anybody, companies should be caught in us, we are not caught in nobody, we are just endowed. New York Times asked me, what is the secret of this economic empowerment of your mission? New York Times, what do I call it? So speaking there, an all nation shall call you what? Blessed. For shall be a delight some lamb, a delight some lamb, there is glutton mystica about our blessing as a ministry, it is a mystery of the gospel. It is a mystery of the gospel, just alignment with the revelations of the mystery of the gospel. We have never gone down one year, twenty-eight years, because the path of one who is doing is right. It is a shining light that shines more and more and more onto the perfect day. You have never gone down one in twenty-eight years? The blessings of the Lord, the blessings of the Lord, the blessings of the Lord. Now did you hear some announcement this morning? This one for Bustry, this one for the entrepreneurial empowerment scheme, that is how we grow. As a small young pastor here in church, number of people in the church were not up to the first three rows here, so I could tell who is not happy, I could tell who is friendly, I could tell who is not dancing, and I would be pointing to them, because of the service, please let me see that man at the end of the service, let me see that man, how are you hard to do, where do you work, then it will break into tears. What to eat after service today, I don't know, okay, Jesus is Lord, today is the last day you will need to think of what to eat, you have something in your hand, be blessed. That's how we grow. When you clear the first 100 million, we give you another 100 million, we are blessed. We are blessed to do it, it's not, it's because you belong to a blessed family you must not continue to be a beggar, and God can bless you without the works of your hand. This is so important, I want you to know this, I can tell you this, as there are a little of children in the gospel, if you don't do what we do, you can't see what we see. If you don't do it, you can't see it, because God is not a specter of persons. My prayer about you this morning is that we see wisdom in the things we are hearing and connect with it accordingly, can I hear your loudest amen, can I hear your loudest amen? That's the way it works. What is it that comes down when the heaven is open, the anointing of the Holy Spirit? What is it? And what does it do? Among other things, it quickens your understanding, come and say, understand it. That is, it ingest divine insight, divine ideas that shows the way to the blessings of the Lord in your life, divine ideas, divine insight, divine ideas, divine insight, Isaiah chapter 11, verse 1 to 3, verse 3 said, and shall make him of quick understanding, quick understanding, divine ideas, the kind of Vista Jacob, in Genesis 30, verse 37 to 39, when he made lines upon polar trees and began to raise a breed of flock that made him beat Leban's strategy hands down and Jacob was blessed in everything, divine ideas, divine insight, the kind of brought Joseph out of the prison into the palace, divine ideas, can we find a man such as this is a man in whom this bit of the Lord is, and as much as God has shown you all these, many of us are going to take over in many strange places. The divine ideas will reveal you to your world where you are, they will look for you and hand over to you. That's in Genesis chapter 41, verse 38 to 41, now divine ideas, divine ideas, it makes you of quick understanding, quick understanding, quick understanding, also we understand that they are not enough, the Holy Spirit, quickens our mortal body, quickens what? So if you are a Taita, you are entitled to a strong body, come as a strong body. It is the spirit of quickness, the flesh profited nothing. The world are spoken to you, they are spirit and they are alive. So when you engage the world of Taita, you engage the spirit of God in that world and a quickens your mortal body, Romans 8-11, if the spirit that resides from the dead, dwells in you, eat that, dwells from the dead, shall also weaken your mortal body by his spirit that dwells in you. So every Taita in scriptures possessed a strong body, Abraham went to war at the age of 100, strong body, say it makes strong body, he lived to be 175, Isaac lived to be 180, Jacob lived to be 143, strong body, say it makes strong body. So Taita and Taita is you, unqualifies you for a strong body because after the windows of heaven, the spirit of God is poured out on you and the quickens your mortal body. Here it is, for every Taita here, every attack on your body is caused in the name of Jesus, every attack on your head is caused in the name of Jesus, strong body. And also we understand the Bible said, as they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another, people is so far no man to do them wrong, ye, eat the proof kings for their sake, say, touch not my annoyance. So the annoyance of the Holy Spirit sets a seal of touch not on your life, as it touched not. That's why God is the defense of every covenant practitioner, say it makes God is my defense, say it makes God is my defense. That's the way you rebuild the divorce for your sake, he says, no, no way, don't come near, no, don't do that, you can't do that, no, I am his defense. I will go do so, every covenant work culminates in enviable results, say what my enviable results, say it loud, enviable results, enviable results, every covenant work culminates in enviable results. And this enviable, if it's not healed with degenerates to jealousy, jealousy, if not taken care of, we also degenerate to wickedness, and wickedness, if not taken care of, we degenerate to attacks. That's why the Bible say the Lord shall be that defense and thou shall have plenty of silver. So it sets a seal on your forehead against the attacks of the wicked, which came out of jealousy of your results. We were having a great night last night because it's nothing to give to God and to praise him for what he did for us first in the winner's family, and secondly in my own micro family of my wife's health, it's nothing but a product of jealousy degenerating to wickedness and wickedness to attack. That's what it is, nothing else, what a lyrical way. One involved in any form, we are revered, they may be the fire's answer at last. Can offer the sacrifice unto God of whatever he found, but able offer an acceptable sacrifice to the Lord and the Lord had respect to the sacrifice of him, and that's the end of something dangerous inside king. If they began to get blessed and began to get angry out by the day and went after him and got him. That's why God said, no, I know the wickedness of man, I will set a seal on your head. Please be rest assured, no weapon formed against you by the wicked shall ever prosper. So your tide stops the mouth of the devourers by setting a seal of the Holy Ghosts on your head. Ephesians 1, 13, we are sealed with the Holy Ghosts of promise until the day of his coming, sealed with the Holy Ghosts of promise. He says, seal over your head, touch not my anointed and do my prophets, no, I'm in whom you also trusted after you believed and you are sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise sealed. This is sealed upon your head against the wickedness of the wicked. If you ever got here by games will have been finished, but we go to where we are today by covenant and so we cannot be brought down. Whatever the Lord did, what happens is shall be forever. Whatever the Lord did, shall be before what? So be rest assured that no devil can have his way in your life. Let me hear your loudest amen. Let me hear your loudest amen. Let me hear your loudest amen. Thank you Jesus. That's the spiritual transaction that your Typhoon goes through. It answers in heaven and as it does it opens the windows of heaven and you are empowered for financial fortune. Finally, as we close, what is it that comes out of heaven, out of the windows of heaven? Say with me divine favour. Say it loud, divine favour. In Psalm 45 verse 6 to 8, that through no God is forever and ever, the skeptic of that kingdom is a righteous chapter, thou lovest righteousness and heated wickedness, therefore God, even that God is anointed with the oil of Godness, above their fellows. And then it went down the line and began to talk about the effect of that annoyance, amen? It began to talk about the effect of that annoyance and among the capital effects of that annoyance is divine favour. Let's look at it. Psalm 45 verse 8, all the government, smell of Mayer and Alus and Kasha, out of every palace is whereby they have made the glad. Kings, daughters, among the hungry women, upon the right hand, did stand the clean and good of offer. Harken all daughters and consider and incline their air, forget also their own people and their fathers house, so shall they can greatly desire their beauty for his Lord and worship down him. And the daughter of tears shall be there with a gift, even the rich among their people, among the people, shall entice their favour. The king's daughter is all glorious, within her closeness of God, she shall be brought unto the king in remand of Nidu's walk. The vages are companions that follow her shall be brought unto him. Now listen to this. Before they come in, smell of Mayer and Alus, that is the maddening that attracts favour, the smell of favour. Now, and he said, the daughter of Tiasha be there with a gift, even the rich among the people shall entice their favour, favour will be rushing at you by reason of that annoyance. So, you are empowered for supernatural favour, empowered for what? Empowered for supernatural favour, as the window of heaven opens, the annoyance of the Holy Ghost is released, and that empowers you for financial fortune through those videos of news we have examined. This is talking about Jesus in prophecy, and as a father sent him, Suasi sent you. The time must come for you to enjoy the favour of God. Are you sure continue to enjoy that in the name of Jesus? You shall continue to enjoy that in the name of Jesus. You shall continue to enjoy that in the name of Jesus. You shall continue to enjoy that in the name of Jesus. Finally, in Malachi chapter 4, now chapter 3 was talking to us about the ministry of the messenger of the covenant, and what he will do, that connecting us to the blessings of the father. Now, he now went on here and said, the reason I'm asking you to connect with this is this, but chapter 4 verse 1, for behold that they commit, that shall burn us and over, and all the proud, ye, and all that do with Elisha bestowal, and that they that come and shall burn them up, say the Lord of hosts, that ye shall leave them, neither root nor branch. But unto you that fear my name, shall the Son of Rachel's arise with healing in his wings, and ye shall go forth and grow up as calves out of the store, and ye shall tread under wicked, for the shabby ashes under the source of your feet, and the day that I shall do this year, the Lord. Now verse 4, remember ye the Lord of Moses, my servant, which I commanded him in order, for all Israel with the status and judgment, behold I will send you Elijah, the prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord, so they say dreadful day coming upon the earth, he said before that they come I will send you Elijah, the prophet. He is talking about messengers of the covenant in chapter 3 verse 1, he is talking about Elijah, and what is Elijah saying, make for me first, was I not his message? Make for me first, and you never feel the heat of the family, make for me first, that is the message of the covenant, make for him first, honor the Lord with their first fruits, with thy substance, and with the first fruits of all thy anise, so shall thy births be feed with plenty, and thy vats shall bust out with new wine and oil, seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you, first. What did Moses say, all the tides of the land is the Lord, Leviticus 27 verse 30, he said, remember the law of Moses, my servant, which I gave him in order, what is Moses saying, all the tides of the land is the Lord, Leviticus 27 verse 30, whether of the seed of the land of the fruit of the tree is the Lord, it is holy unto the Lord, all the tides of the land, that is what Moses said, remember the law of Moses, my servant, some fellows came and said, tithing is in the law, God said, remember a dreadful day is coming, and may be too late for you to know your only way out is to connect with heaven's blessing, thank you Jesus, thank you Jesus, thank you Jesus, thank you Jesus, in chapter 3 of Malachi verse 17, he said, and I will spare them as a man's spirit is own son that saved him, they shall be mine, who shall be mine, the tithers, I will distinguish them, I will spare them as a man's spirit is own son that saved him, verse 18 says, then shall you return, and the son between the righteous and the wicked, between him that saved God and him that saved him now, that's the truth, thank you Jesus, thank you Jesus, thank you Jesus, thank you Jesus, the man Kenneth Copeland began his tithing journey as a student, as what? he was believing God for his school fees, and somehow the school fees came, the first thing he moved from is whether to be enough to pay or not, was his tith, and has been that addicted from that time t tomorrow, and watch the blesses of the Lord on his life, many of us already swimming in it, but please keep that heaven open, it is absolutely to your own advantage, it is not to anybody's advantage but you, keep that heaven open, you will live a dignified life, you will live a colorful life, you will live a protected life, you will smile at the storms of life, keep your heaven open by maintaining consistency in your tithing, worshiping God with it, not as a burden, but as a privilege, worshiping God with it has to come to know this, why others are dying, you are shining, for when they shall say they say cast it down, you shall say what, they say lift it up, they say lift it up, your time of lifting up, all those who are mocking you will now know, you are serving the true God, watch out, a thousand before you know your right and ten thousand by your left, but only with us who we see them, they will never come near you, you believe that let me hear your loudest amen, his name, shall we all rise everybody, I ask you to come along with your mantis today, how many remember that, amen, now put these mantis on the floor, on that the city where you are, and I've been speaking the blessed of the Lord on this ground, upon your life, and as to take off this mantu, whatever answers to this commission, we begin to answer to you from henceforth, the grace of sustainable obedience to the demand of the covenant becomes your portion from today, and when Elisha got to wear to Jordan, it took the mantu, and when he also has smitten the water, the patted heather and titha, he did it exactly the same way Elijah did it, from this day as to pick these mantis when we are told to pick them up, the same grace of sustainable obedience to the covenant demand of Titan, receive it in the name of Jesus, receive it in the name of Jesus, receive it in the name of Jesus, we've never felt any pressure doing it from today, you'll never feel any more pressure or being God in the name of Jesus, all divine ideas have kept flowing in this commission, I should pick this mantua in response to your title, I decree the on ending floor of divine ideas, I decree on ending floor of divine ideas, we build covenant university on divine ideas and it's stood out because whatever is from above is above all, whatever is from above is above all, whatever is from above is above all, whatever is from above is above from this day, I should pick this mantu's up, divine idea that we said to above becomes your portion in the name of Jesus, I decree that today marks the end of every form of financial struggles in your life, you have placed this mantu on this grand or financial fortune, what we experience in here is a minister's financial fortune, it is not by anybody's presence or absence, I told the pastor's one time remove all your offerings from what they can't, it doesn't can't, plus me with all of you, it doesn't show, there is no service yet, I showed that somebody was not present, it's financial fortune, from this day, no matter the heat in the world, you will never feel it in the name of Jesus, you will never feel it in the name of Jesus, You will never feel it in the name of Jesus, every challenge of the weekend in your life, I command them, destroy it in the name of Jesus. Every attack of the wicked, or your yesterday, I command them, destroy it in the name of Jesus. I should pick up these mantus. Whatever I cannot stand where I stand, we'll never be able to stand against you. Where you strike the dead with this mantu, they shall come back to life. Where this mantu in your homes, the deforestation never have a knife as any more. No one here shall suffer in the hand of unbanded animal in the name of Jesus. So shall it be. In Jesus name. In Jesus name. In Jesus name. In the name of Jesus. Take those mantus off the floor. Thank you, Jesus. Lift them up in your hand. You have picked this up from the floor. Every aspect of your life is off the floor. Your business is on career side of the floor. Your finances is off the floor. Your obedience is off the floor. Your covenant practice of title is off the floor. Beginning from this day, the same other testimonies which are here, becomes your partial. Thank you, Heavenly Father. Blessed be your name. In Jesus' precious name. In Jesus' precious name. Where you're faced with this is a day of new beginning. Your sweat is over. Your strain is over. In the name of Jesus Christ. Please, before we share the goodness today, I'd like you to know we are in the best season of this ministry. God is putting in your hand fundamentals that would differentiate you in the world. He said, do it yourself sister, we teach you. So please go again after those books, understanding financial prosperity, winning the war against poverty. God has loaded light for you in those materials to help you out. Also get the tips and you watch out for God opening wide and wide. It's faithful towards you in the name of Jesus. Once again, for all those who stood with us. I'm joining us in prayers over the attack of my wife's life, which is now over forever. The Lord bless you and abonders. The Lord reward you accordingly. No family here shall suffer any such attack in the name of Jesus. And for any agent of the wicked, the hour of vengeance has finally come. Because we have sent a victory, you must see the vengeance. Thank you, Father. In Jesus' precious name. Hallelujah. We are serving a living God. All those who participated in the mission week, you will never suffer God's absence in any area of your life. All those who are a part of gathering habits onto God, you'll never lose your habits on the feet forever. I bless you with the blessings of this house. It is me who bless in the name of Jesus. The mission week is over, but your witness for Christ is just beginning. Every hand can have it that is here to come in, you will bring them in. In Jesus' precious name. Thank you, Father. Lift up your two hands and let us together in the law of God, shed the goodness of the Lord. Surely, goodness and message are following us. All the days of our lives and wish are due in the presence of the Lord forever. Amen. Please congratulate your neighbors for me to your right and to your left. Jesus is Lord. Thank you for watching this inductive teaching from God's Heaven, Bishop David O'Yeddebo. I believe by this teaching that your life is going to take a turn around and you shall remain blessed forever. Please, if you have not subscribed, subscribe, comment your testimony on the comment sections and also share this video so that your friends and your loved one can also recent this inductive teaching remain blessed.