In this prophetic service, I will ask that each one removes his shoes and keep it on that abuse where he is sitting down. And with a desperation, with a crave to tap into the leading and leadership action that is on this ground. Moses got to a place where he removed your shoes. I wanted to tap into what this place carries. And they tapped into it and appeared in Egypt, they couldn't stand them. We are aware you appear from this day. No force of help will be able to withstand you. We used to have a tree in the garden of faith on the concrete there. By the time we got into that place and we bought the property, the tree was struggling to survive. But after we got there, life came into the tree. And then it began to break the concrete. Reinforce concrete. It began to break the concrete. And I said to the God what said, oh, earth, earth, here I ye, the word of the Lord. This earth has drank in a lot from heaven. A lot has taken place here. Giants have emerged here. And the next set of giants imagine are seated down here today. Listen to this. In Ezekiel chapter 2 verse 2, he said, under spirit entered into me when he spoke unto me and set me upon my feet. Something we enter into you today from which we never recover all the days of your life. If that is you, let me hear your living aim and if you are there. I like you to listen and don't misbehave in any form. Don't make kind of noise for any reason. Let your moderation be known to all behave. You either catch it today or you lose it for life. So behave and sit down, set to and drink into what is happening. Most of you are too emotional to enjoy divine manifestations. You hear it. He said, and the Holy Ghost fell upon all of them that heart. He didn't fall on everybody else present. He felt only all of them that heart. Many were present, but not all received the Holy Ghost. It came only on all of them that heart the world. You remember what happened in the house of Cornelius? You will hear it tonight. And your own portion will drop upon your life. I like you to understand that there is what we call a leadership Mantu. So I've been speaking to you briefly tonight on taking the leadership Mantu. There is a Mantu of leadership. It passes from generation to generation. The Bible calls it the spirit of just may made perfect. It passes from one generation to another. From one generation to another. The leadership Mantu. It is transference of leadership anointing as it were. Remember the Bible said about Elisha. The spirit of Elijah doth rest upon Elisha. And the people bowed themselves unto him. It took over. I see an army of men and women taking over Mantu of leadership tonight. Taking the leadership Mantu. I'll show you briefly on what qualifies you access to such Mantu. You are only entitled to the Mantu's of your Mantu's. You are only entitled to the Mantu's of your Mantu's. A Mantu is someone you have accepted as a monitor of your destiny. Someone you genuinely celebrate. Someone you genuinely covet what he carries. Someone you have accepted as your leader. Someone you have received and accepted as your instructor. Someone you have taken as your role model. And without a role model, you can't play your role at the best. It's a look unto me all ye that follow after righteousness. Isaiah 51 and verse 1 beginning. It's a look unto Abraham, your father and to Salad Abiyadi. I call them alone and bless them. If you want me to bless you that way, then find out what steps they took. And I will command the same blessings on your life. A lot of leadership Mantu is wasting. Because another generation has come that has no need for Mantu's. So they keep reinventing the wheels while others are already flying. A generation has a reason that subscribes to the philosophy of originality, as if it were contradictory to the place of Mantu's. A generation of arrogant and proud people have a reason and have lost their throne to their pride. My Bible says, tangy in the ways and see and ask for the old path. We are in your father's throne and walk in it and shall find rest of your souls. But they said, we will not walk in it. Jeremiah chapter 6 and verse 16. They said, we will not walk in it. It's my prayer that God will exempt you from this arrogant generation. So you can command distinction amongst your peers. There is no great man that has no nature of other. And there is no outstanding leader that will not trace his root to some leaders ahead of him. Every leader of renown belongs to a particular school of thought. That is his hooked on to the thinking pattern of certain individuals. There is no fear of vocation that you belong to today. We are there are no fathers. There is no profession today without high flyers. There is no calling today without faith set us. And all that humility does is to help you acknowledge those that are ahead of you and line up with anyone that you are chosen to line up with. You have chosen to line up with because of where you are going. And it makes the journey easier for you. To be mentalist is to be an orphan. And an orphan is naturally a victim of circumstances. There is no father or mother to his defense. Everybody gives him their spare time. Nobody gives him their real time. Every price winner in the race of life requires a mentor in order to deliver his best and enjoy the best of speed in his pursuit. I have said before that leaders are ladders that orders climb to the top. Without a ladder, even though you have a vision, to get on to the top of this faith tabernacle building, which is starting floor high or to looking at his starting floor high. And you have no regard for steps or ladders. You die on the floor here trying to get there. You stand in my old office and the old church. You'll be looking at the roof of this building from the conference room. Or the way from Yankepaja. And you want to get there because that's where God has intended for you to be. But he has positioned ladders for you to climb one step after the other on your way to the top. So to disregard the ladders is to miss your place of leadership. Mentors are ladders on your way to the top. To disregard the ladders is to remain grounded on the floor. Many years ago, as I committed myself to quality fellowship of the ministry of Kennedy-Agin, some of my old boyfriends will come round and say, hey brother David, what are you doing? As I'm reading one of the fantastic books of Kennedy-Agin. Kennedy-Agin, no one knows it in there. And I keep looking for those boys today. No address, no telephone, no email. If I mention their names, I've never heard their name. Because they have no regard for the ladders. They miss their way to the top. Even if your vision is this platform. And you are here, I think it's about three meters off, is it? About three meters. Now, for you to disregard these steps and want to gather, are you with that here? But when you have this step, there is no sweat. One, two, three, no sweat. Four, five, six, seven, and up like that. You need to locate a school of thought to which you will register. Mentorship is a fundamental requirement for all leadership aspirants. It makes the journey easy for you. It makes the journey dignifying for you. I have enjoyed the climbing of the ladders of leaders to the little place that God has brought us into today. That's why many are grounded. I don't want to live under the shadow of anybody. Good. You never have a shadow at all. One day, haven't followed the man aging for 20 years. That time, just about nine years, I mean, 11 years, 77. And I said, God, whatever makes aging, aging, I want it. Lord, I want it. I love serenity of ministry, noiseless impact. You don't have to make noise to make news. As a matter of fact, the more noise to make the more news and to become. I love the dignity of the ministry that God gave him. I love the depth of insight that was on equal in his time. I said, Lord, whatever made again, again, I want it. Lord, I want it. Whatever makes again, again, I want it. Jesus, I want this. So 20 years ago, I was out in the U.S. and with the desperation to connect with the oil upon aging. And I sat in that meeting with my eyes glued and focused on, I was transfixed. I came for something. I didn't come to buy stuff, buy a shirt and coat. That would be waste of energy to sell it here. I didn't go for that. I went after something. And as was ministry, you know, you can't be desperate and trusty genuinely for the things of God and miss it. You are too concerned about things of this world. You want shoes, you want cars, you want houses. You don't even know what to need. And then something very electric. As I was sitting in that meeting and casting my gaze on him and staying fixed on him. Something electric, fire from where he was into me, where he sat in the gallery. And I lost total control. Sobbing and sobbing uncontrollably. And in the midst of the storm, the Holy Ghost said to me, my son David, the button has been passed over to you. So I'm a beneficiary of the best-setting ministry of Kennedy again. My son David, the button has been passed over to you. And from that moment, I was a dramatic change in my ministry. The sweat I used to come all over me was gone. A lad has been positioned for me to climb. And those days, when I thought or preached, sweat would come out of my three-piece suit to the outside. I would have died. But God located for me a ladder and the grace on that ladder came on me. And the ease and quietness and serenity of ministry said to me, I'd like you to understand this. You are struggling because you don't have the guard for a ladder. You don't. When Kenneth Egan was about to depart this world, the Lord began to give me signals. And I said to my wife, we need to be on our way to the U.S. Because someone as close to me as the close and meanny is about to depart. And I perceive it is Papa Egan. So we traveled. Met his absence. He was away somewhere in Canada just two weeks after. He galloped into glory. The philosophy was so intense that the spirit was sent back to the spirit. Somebody here and what I'm talking about. Here in Africa, what we do is to get rid of the ladder. What nonsense ladder? I don't need no ladder. If I don't get there, it's not my father who burned me. So get there. Egan never borrowed. We have never borrowed. Egan never begged. We have never begged. Egan's book went all around the world. Our books must be on every country of this earth today. This service we're watching, Wednesday morning someone was up on this service line in the U.S. via internet because it broke us life and caught in in the evening of that day. What a wonderful service. London, Bangladesh, Poland, all around the world. Egan never ran around. He was just influencing the world from one spot. And here what God said to me one great morning. He said my son David. He brought Egan to me in my study room, early morning. I just saw the man in an open vision. I wasn't sleeping. And I saw him standing in front of me. And the Holy Ghost said, my son, Patan your ministry after this man. So God ordains the placement of ladders on our way to the place of leadership. Patan your ministry after this man. Egan's headquarter is in a corner state of Oklahoma, in the quiet city of Tosser, in the outskirts of that city, called Broken Arrow. A little time. I don't know the population, but it's less than these people here. It is from that point he began to hit the entire world. And then God who said Patan your ministry after this man took us out of the crowd. Brought us to Ota and passed Ota on the way to another country and dumped us in the midst of nowhere. And as soon as he arrived here, the world began to take notice. The Lord is doing here. I'd like to give you this assignment before we come in next year because I know you are coming here in a multiplied state. Many of you have been trying to go out for marriage. It is done here already. Many who are trying to go out for jobs. Majority of you will return here as employers of labor. So the leadership man, too, is a spiritual thing. Do you know that Joshua was not the only young man with Moses? He was one of the young men, who distinguished himself to qualify for the mantle. He was only one of the young men, number 1128, one of the young men, one of the young men. That's a fundamental thing. He was only one of the young men, number 1128, one of the young men, one of the young men. That's a fundamental requirement that qualifies you for the mantle. It is not your hanging around. It is your following around. Come on, say, following. It's your following. It's not your hanging around. It is your following around. Israel, attend to that person now, say, it's your following around. If you check Joshua, Joshua was just a crazy follower. Come on, say, crazy follower. Joshua was a crazy follower of Moses. Look at what he said. He had a number chapter 11, verse 27. Thank you, Jesus. Numbers 11 and verse 27. And that was a young man. And there ran a young man and told Moses and said, Amen. Do prophesy in the come. And Joshua, the son of known, the servant of Moses, one of his young men, come and say, one of his young men. And sad and sad, my Lord, Moses forbid them. And Moses said unto him, Ampious, thou for my sake, who God at all the lost people were prophets, and that the Lord would put his spirit upon them. He was envious for his sake. Don't touch that area, that's Moses area. He was emotionally glued to Moses. His joy was the success and the exploits of Moses ministry. He was celebrating Moses on all kinds. He wasn't planning to overthrow him. He enjoyed being a servant. He died at follower. Exodus 33. We're looking at Moses. Can it again wrote a book following God's plan for your life? It's like a diary for me. Every time there is need to assess an appraise and spiritual signer, I get back to that book. Many, many times, I've been reading that book and God will just speak to me. From the next thing to do, bless his soul and the bosom of Christ. I miss you, old man. And the Lord spoke unto Moses, face to face, I say, man, speak to his friend. And it turned again into the come. But his servant, Joshua, the son of known, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle. Come and say, departed not. Even when God said, Moses alone should come. Joshua will follow him. You can't win with anything that will carry you with carry me. Even when God said, nobody has to come. I'm doing one here. Moses only used to come. He will follow him. He departed not. He was always hanging around. Numbers 27. Let's read Exodus 24 first. Verse 12 and 13. And the Lord said unto Moses, come up to me into the mountain and be there. And I will give thee tables of stone and the law and commandments which have written that thou mayst teach them. And Moses rose up. Verse 13. And his ministry, Joshua, and Moses went open to the mountain of the Lord. He was constantly hanging around by divine privilege. Numbers 27. The man to fail. Verse 18. Let's start from verse 15. And Moses spoke unto the Lord saying, let the Lord, the God of all spirits, the God of the spirits of all flesh, set a man over this congregation, which may go up before them and which may go in before them and which may lead them out and which may bring them in that the congregation of the Lord be not as sheep without a sheep which have no shepherd. And the Lord said unto Moses, what? Take thee who, Joshua, the son of the moon, a man in whom is the spirit and lead the hands upon him, the man to fail. Something is falling on someone here tonight. The man to fail. Something on Joshua is falling on you here tonight. He followed and followed until the man to fail. We have a graphic illustration here. In 2nd Kings chapter 2, we all know that story. The man Elisha followed and followed and followed until he followed till the man to fail. The man to have leadership fail on him, took over. There were many sense of the prophet, but the man to only fail on the follower. Many sense of the prophet is too far far off as, hey, the Lord will take your master from you today. He said, I know it, hold your peace. I'm looking for something. And he followed through Gilga, followed to Jericho, followed after Jordan, and he said, now what do you want? You have followed me to this point, what exactly do you want? He said, I want the boob of your spirit. Ah, you have asked a heart there, but if you will follow to the end, it shall be yours. And then, it happened. Just like it's happening for someone here today. And it came to pass, verse 9, when they were gone over, that Elijah said unto Elijah, ask what I shall do for thee, before I be taken away from thee. And Elijah said, I pray thee, let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me. And he said, that has asked a heart thing. Nevertheless, if thou see me when I'm taken from thee, it shall be so unto thee. But if not, it shall not be so. And they came to pass, as they still went on, come as they still went on. That is consistency. They still went on and talked, and behold, they appeared, each other to fire, and horse of fire, and departed them, bobs on them. And Elijah went up by one way into heaven. And Elijah saw it, and he cried, my father, my father, and the child of Israel, and the horsemen, they are all. And he saw him no more, and it took hold of his own clothes, and ran them into. He took also the month of Elijah that fell from him, and went back and stood by the bank of Jordan. And it took the month of Elijah that fell from him, and smothered the waters. And he said, where is the Lord God of Elijah? When he also was smitten the waters, they parted heathed unto them, and Elijah went over. You are going over from now. And when the sons of the prophet, the spectators, which were there to view, at Jericho saw him, they said, the spirit of Elijah, God raised on Elijah, and they came to meet him, and bowed themselves to him, to the ground before him. He followed. He followed on to the month of fair. My father, my father, my father, my father, not our father. My father, my father, my father. Elijah said to him three times, stay here. I'm going on there, and say, we are about to go. As the Lord lives, I will not leave you. I will go with you. And he passed the followership test to qualify for the falling of the mantle. He had to pass the followership test to qualify for the falling of the mantle. He had to pass the followership test. That's why they said, death of leaders today. Because the new generation of young people can't find any place for mentorship in their drive. Majority of young men, you find them say, I don't want to walk for nobody. I don't want to walk for anybody. I'm a man of my own. And the car is a dry certificate. It's the market. And this cover does not have what it takes to make a difference. There are many that will never depart to anybody in their life. That's why they are never depart to by anyone else. Because without your reference, you never become a reference. The quality of every academic paper is a function of the quality of its references. Every academic text draws its validity from consolidated references that he makes. Blessed be the day when the Lord said to me, my son David, I won't like you going to ministry like others have gone. I will have hands laid on you after the order of determinants of 34 of us nine. And Joshua was filled with the spirit of wisdom because most of the ladies answer for him and the people are coming on to him. And I said, Lord, who have you appointed to lay hands on me? Send for my servant, I will have him lay hands on you. And you shall be filled with the spirit of wisdom. What did he ask me to lay my hands on my head? Don't I have hand? It's I'm connecting you to where that spirit will flow into you. Send for him. We never knew. And now our big goal like I will do on every count. And hand was laid on me on my wife that day. And you could see the serenity of the wisdom of God that walk. One of the evidences of wisdom is attention-free life. Come and say attention-free life. Because all the ways of wisdom are ways of pleasantness and all our parts are peace. Pleasantness and peace. Pleasantness and peace. Pleasantness and peace. Crisis is a function of lack of wisdom. It's an evidence of lack of wisdom. Wherever wisdom is, peace and pleasantness are evident. Every upcoming leader needs a mentor. Isaac Newton, the great saint, he said, if I have seen any father, it is by standing on the shoulders of those who have gone before me. If you can't see anyone that is ahead of you, you'll never become ahead. Kenneth Copeland will be 70 years old this December. And has his root both in egging and in all our robots. As that erudite identity, no. It has enhanced identity. Great man, full of integrity, power and love. He's still celebrating his roots. I don't know what to awoke and how far you have gone. That there is nobody that is qualified to be your mentor. Think of Christ and the Apostles. And I will stop there. The most ardent follower of Christ was Peter. How many understand that? Even at his betrayer and triumph. Peter was the only one of the twelve. There was any way to be found. He followed a far off and then followed close enough that his eyes and Christ's eyes could see contact. That he followed so much that Christ and him could still have facial contact, eye contact. Can't you see therefore it is followership that determines leadership. And Luke 22 and verse 54. And Peter followed a far off. 22 verse 61 and 62. And the Lord turned and looked upon Peter. And Peter went out and wept bitterly. He went into the hall where they were trying the master. All the others have gone forever. They were knew we have to be found. Right at the cross. Jesus said to him, mother behold the son and son behold their mother. He was right there at the cross. He was in the trial. He was at the cross. He was the first one to arrive at the grave. Leadership is a function of followership. Jesus said Matthew 419. Follow me and I will make you. That is the mental of mentors. That's our perfect example. He said you want to be made or that you are critical to be following me. Follow me. Follow me and I will make you. Follow me and I will make you. Follow me a branch that does not follow this term. You will die away and be cast into fire. No branch has a future without the many connected to the vine. Jesus is the vine and we are the branches. We cannot survive on our own. So mentorship is not about quoting somebody who speaks very well. It's about becoming a student of one you recognize as a master. It's about following someone who accepts as your leader. It's about submitting to another one's authority. In order to enhance your rate of accomplishment in your journey. That's what mentorship is all about. Dr. Chok Flynn, who never knew I had anything to do with Kennedy again. After he did four of our books, four of my books, he said you're right with the annoying and the kind of depth that I get right about. He has never had any story about it. Leroy Thompson, the author of Money Comment. Another other follower of Agen said, after he did one or two of the books, he came to a conclusion. The same action at working again. He's upon the author of this book and it was breaking into higher realms. And unraveling the mysteries of the kingdom. It is transference of spirits. It is not the protein of letters. There are many wonderful authors on leadership today and all leaders. A motor mechanic cannot be trained by a carpenter. None of that can go smooth. Successfully trained a carpenter. If you ever think of leadership tomorrow, identify leading leaders. Where you are. And ask God to direct you, who to who come to. And then spend your life in unraveling the secrets in the life of such individuals. And what he joy, it works. How many have regard for the ladders now? The cheapest way to have a sweatless adventure in life. Believe in the ladders on your way to the top. I don't have to keep struggling and sweating to make a difference. That's the word of the Lord concerning you. As I close today, I drop this chip because I'm going to pass the prophetic month for you. It will take about 10 minutes only and we are out of this service. There is one common denominator in your journey to the top. And you better get it now. Jesus said, I am in your midst as one that serves. Enders cool of leadership. Lord, dedication to service is a catalyst. It helps to accelerate the rate of your arrival at God's ultimate plan. And service that is born out of love is the only one that is mostly worthy. And Matthew chapter 20, when those two children of Zebede came through their mother to ask for positions, Jesus said, it is not so in this kingdom. In this kingdom, who serve as chief among you, let them be your servant. So leadership is a function of the quality of service that you render. May I ask all the young men in the house or the young women in the house to die? Without a heart to serve, you are not a candidate for the top. Without a heart to serve, you may as well die as a servant. Never watch yourself wasting away in the Church of Christ. Let your love for God move you to constantly make an input into anything happening there. God showed me something 30 years ago, 1976. And it brought eternal rest to every aspect of my life. And I like you to receive that here. No matter your profession, no matter your career, no matter your vocation. He said, but sickly first, the kingdom of God and His righteousness. And all these days shall be added unto you. Sickly first, if you want every other thing to answer to you favorably, be committed to the promotion, the expansion, and the welfare of the kingdom of God at your level per time. He said, take no thought for your life what you shall hear, what you shall drink, and what you shall wear. For after decent to gentile sick, for your heavenly Father know that you have need of these things. But sickly first, Matthew 6, 30 to 33. But sickly first, Matthew 6, was 30 to 33. But sickly first, the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all these days. How many days? How many days? How many days? How many days? But sickly first, the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all these days shall be added unto you. Oh, that is all of the inheritance requires that commandment, all these days. But sickly first, the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all these days shall be added unto you. If they will obey and serve them, what happens? They shall spend their days in prosperity and their years in pleasures. Job 36 was 11. They shall keep flying. If they shall obey and serve them, they shall spend their days in prosperity and their years in pleasures. If they shall obey and serve them, without a heart for God, you can go far in life. The greater your heart for God, the higher you fly in the race of life. My Bible says, Whoever has my commandment and keeps it, He is He that loves me. And He that loves me, He loves my father and I will love Him. And I will manifest myself to Him. So every time you get on key with a key commandment, God begins to manifest Himself in your life. Everybody needs to find a functional place of service. You must not be fanciting, done, and watching everybody in your church. Show me a genuine Kingdom 7 today and I show you a leader tomorrow. Show me a genuine committed Kingdom 7. Another leader is born to the world. I don't care how involved your job may be when you ignore God. You have lost your place. But seek You first, the Kingdom of God. And His righteousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Not as a show, but a commitment of your heart. Here what the Bible says, If you are looking for paste-setters, look out for God-lovers. Look out for what? If you are looking for paste-setters, look out for what? God-lovers. If you are looking for paste-setters, look out for God-lovers. First Corinthians chapter 2, verse 9 and 10. So the hotha, your love for God, the higher you fly on earth. So the hotha, your love for God, the higher you fly on earth. So the hotha, your love for God, the higher you fly on earth. So the hotha, your love for God, the higher you fly on earth. Please look at these three things tonight. On your way to the top. You need a mental. On your way to the top. You need to be committed to kingdom still worship. But seek You first, the Kingdom of God. If you look at Matthew chapter 6 from verse 17. He's only telling you the most rewarding investment you can make. Both in time, energy and resources. The weirdest man in modern history is John D. Rockefeller. In his lifetime, he was worth about three times what Bill Gates was worth today. A child of God. There is nothing to envy in the world if you truly know your God. If you truly know your God, there is nothing to envy in the world. If you truly know your God and if you truly love your God, the world will begin to envy you the shortest time. Reach out for a mentor. Commit yourself to kingdom still worship. And remain on a love hot line with God. Watch what happens. The story will be sweet about the day. I made Jesus 1969. This is 2006. I've not had the first occasion to regret my crazy addiction to him and his kingdom. He's sweeter than honey and the honeycomb. There is none of my peers. I can hide myself from when they are coming today. A number of my peers must have enough reason to envy the handle God in my life. I've not seen one sinner yet to envy for anything. Because there is much more in your father's house than anyone else outside the family can never touch. But he said, I have not seen. So I like you to look out for that. The weakness to secure a mentor, to locate a mentor. A dedication to serve the interests of the kingdom. And a genuine heart for God that will put you on the platform of unlimited breakthroughs. Looking for a pay-setter? Look out for a God-lover. That's another pay-setter in the making. I see an army of pay-setters seated on this ground here this night. And God wrote special miracles by the hands of Paul, so that anchors and aprons were taken from his body to them that were sick, that sicknesses were hit, and the devils were cast out. Now listen to this. Every spirit of pride. Don't let you subscribe to the need for a mentor. It's cast out of your life tonight. Every spirit of self. That does not make you see the need to serve. It's gone out of you here tonight. And the Bible says, the love of God has been shared abroad in our heart by the Holy Ghost. That is, give it on to us. By the anointing that is passing through this mantle, I see a new dimension of love busting forth on your inside. This is my understanding. The same grace that gave this commission is leadership place. It's giving you your leadership place today. The same spirit that gave this commission is leading leadership position today. Becomes your portion. Every grace that worked in my life. Every grace I had been privileged to connect with. That took me off the ground and helping me climb in the steps. Stayed by stage, that same anointing comes on you here tonight. I decree tonight that everything against the leadership mandate on your life because in the name of Jesus. On this ground tonight, the next place you'll be found is the top. The world is watching you right now on the net. Very shortly, you'll be seen on the screen as individuals. And the name of Jesus. And the name of Jesus. Everywhere you find yourself, it will be evident that a mantle has fallen on your head. It will be evident that a mantle has fallen on your head. One day I went for an event and as they were trying to open the security gate, they were like, oh, please come here. In this country, not outside the country. That's where you connect with a mantle that it reflects in every step you take. From today, the leadership mantle of this commission returns home with you in the name of Jesus. It returns home with you in the name of Jesus. Thank you heavily for that. In the same way, whatever still remains in you as a stranger in form of sickness or disease, I declare that it will be flushed out in the name of Jesus. That woman only taught the hem of his gunman. He wasn't rubbing it over his body. He just taught by faith. And there was a flow of virtue. Every virtue on this commission, flows to enhance your value tonight in the name of Jesus. No mark of the devil on your destiny will survive this imputation. No mark of the devil on your life will survive this imputation. In Jesus' name, Father in the name of Jesus, honor your war tonight as you have always done, and let the Abbey release an unusual release in the name of Jesus. Yes, ago, someone died in Carduno. And they called the pastor in the night, and he said, I can't come on there tonight, but this is what Papa gave us in Lagos. And gave it to the woman that came and went and robbed the body of the dead with it. He sneezed and came back to life. Therefore, whatever is called dead in your body, whatever is dead regarding your destiny, I command you to come back to life in the name of Jesus. One of our Bible school students went home and discovered the uncle had passed on, and they were all whipping. And as I can see, we are delaying him and they showed him, and it took the man to and hit the dead, and they jacked back and started walking. Whatever has been called closed regarding your destiny, it is reopened tonight in the name of Jesus. By this imputation, everything not of God in you is a brutal final in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Father. I want each of you to put your own captive in your pocket, please. This is only for your head. It passes to where you are on your head and off. On your head and it's off. You give it to the next person. You are not praying over it. I've already prayed. It is now your faith on the line. Just put your faith on the line. Somebody here who is crippled will run right here. Somebody who is blind will begin to see right now. Someone will vomit that poison right on this ground. In the name of Jesus Christ, whatever this ground carries, it follows you from today. Whatever grace I have ever connected with, flows and becomes yours from tonight. Grace to stay true. To wherever God has connected you, receive it in the name of Jesus. Grace to keep seven and seven, no matter how many are sitting and watching, receive it in the name of Jesus. Grace to keep loving and loving, no matter how many are complaining about God, concerning God with regards to God, receive it in the name of Jesus. We are ever kingdoms to worship, take mental, you will get there. We are ever the love of God, take people to, you will arrive there. In the name of Jesus. Whatever was said to be wrong with you, haven't had this encounter tonight, they will tell you it is no longer there. It is done. The kind of favor that follows this commission begins to follow you from tonight. The kind of spirit that this commission enjoys becomes your passion from tonight. He prepared it at table before me in the midst of my enemies, and my cops run over, in spite of your enemies, you will never miss your mark. For surely they shall gather together but not by me, and everyone that gather together against you, they shall fall for your sake. In the name of Jesus. In your academics, go and take the lead. In your careers, go and take the lead. In your businesses, go and take the lead. In the name of Jesus. Thank you, Heavenly Father. Blessed be your name.