My ideas are suspended when God speaks. My opinions are discarded when God speaks. So your ultimate position in life is a function of your passion for God. Every believer's ultimate position in this kingdom is a function of his passion for God. Whatever makes more money to you than God disqualifies you. I was up in the night watching the video of Luba Dastridium Crusade of Basin D'Ausa. And as I saw you afflicted, I was in tears. I said, God, help me to be a part of the solution to this afflicted. I turned off the lights. I was caught up with God. This afflicted us too much. I saw a document cutting on the back to an evening meeting in the morning. You could save growing the cake and I saw when I saw the vision. I turned off the lights and suddenly I had the working steps of an invisible guest behind me on the carpet of the sitting room. Instead of fear, I was here with all. I lit up his hand and touched my back. Something like warm water came down my spine. Sunday morning, explosion, miracle explosion. It was called Pentecostumes in Kaduna, 1987 to 9. Night of dangerous miracles. Praise God. Passion for God confers believers with spiritual authority. Passion for God. January 186. I Luba fasted myself so I began coughing blood. I rushed to the washroom. My well-followed blood only came out. You don't need any transmission or blood. You just take it and transfer it to somebody else. I said, we should go home and say, no, no, no. It is the last hour of quick drive. I made the cheese. I was coughing. I was switching. It was something to go see. That's okay. You know, I was like a rope. A sleeveless. I said, a rope. I would rather die for him than run away. Passion for God is what defines every believer's ultimate position. We go home. Jesus will be moved with compassion and then authority will just be displayed. Moves compassion and heed their seek. The lepacet, if you can hear me, he touched him. They don't touch the lepac. No, no, no. Anxion flows through passion. Anxion flows through passion. The more passionate a man, the stronger the ocean flows through him. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. It is a tongue. It is a tongue. It's your turn. There is no place that genuine passion for God cannot take him out. For eyes of no say, no ears are, it doesn't have to be a man, or God doesn't talk for them that love him. Eyes of no saying, yes, I've known her, there's no end at the heart of any man, or God as he has talked for them that love him. Gideon was born with passion. We are all the miracles, we are fathers to those. Along with this assault of the Midianna is continued. God said, come on here. Our deliver is here, from 100 million years, through you as one man. Passion set the pace for your authority confound on him. George is 16, I mean George is 16, and verse 1 to 14. After I send the go in this, I might. It's passion to see the rescue of Israel from the assault of the Midianna. From fast spiritual authority on him. From 32,000 volunteers, God reduced them to 300. And by the sword of the Lord, and by the sword of Gideon, they routed the Midianna. And by the sword of the Midianna, it's passion. It's passion. It's passion. Elijah was his strange man. His passion for God contributed him into the realm of the heavenlies. Elijah went up to heaven by the childhood of fire. How long will you hold with you to keep pinion? You go, you go. It will be by following. Oh, God, they have shown that they are authors. They have killed all their prophets. I've been very jealous when most I go. First, King's 19 was 10 and verse 44. You saw the passion of Elijah. They find here. Elijah, what are you doing here? He said, I've been very jealous. What do I go to go to? The children of Israel are forsaking their concern, their covenant, thrown down their authors, answering their prophets with the sword. And I even, I only, I'm left, and they seek to take my life. Verse 14. Elijah, what's going on here? I've been very jealous. You can't be passionate and not know, sir. You can't be passionate for God and not know. If my passion were for things, I would stop pushing him. He has overblast me with things. My God. And can I tell you what? There is nothing of value in my hand I pray for. I've been writing on the wings of Matthews 33. You seek my kingdom for us. And all these things, that's our time to get. Shall be added to. That's my flight. There's a lot. Shall be added to. I've never prayed to know a man. Lord, let me know this man. So I've never prayed to me, is he wrong? No. Is added. I saw it added before it becomes leave. I saw it added. Everybody has passion. But passion for different things. May you shift your passion to God today. It will make a world of difference in your life. Not say the money I think is all this thing, but they will not be. Give food to them. They will only be on your body. No. There's nothing wrong with that. But that's the money. That's the money. My foundation looks after all finances and all that stuff. Or monthly basis. Because they have to eat every month. No, I can't be 10 out of it. Yes, you can't stop from 10 out of it. But passion moves you. You are not hungry somewhere trying to pose to belidios. Somebody's through this change. Everybody has one passion out of it. Some are so passionate about telephone, telephone. If the telephone is missing, the temperature goes up. The temperature. The temperature has no pressure. Sugar water. That is life. Passion. Except for CCU, someone will be checking something. If CCU in this location, they will show you all. They will be dissection. This is passion. People have some passion for food. Anything food. This is good. This is good. When they sit around food, they are like really. They sit on the throne. This is just good. Can I have more of this? Please come. Please come. And those of my traveling, they self something to lead me. I give to those who lead me. I have only one man. I don't have too many men. Praise God. Everybody has passion for something. Very few have passion for gold. Including funders. And the precious name of Jesus, the passion behind this commission that is kept going from central strength, becomes your portion today. You are living here with the oil of passion, unstoppable passion, undying passion. I will keep adding color to your life. What gives David this place was passion. A man with a heart for gold. And he demonstrated that before Goliath, who is this from central strength, that he should defy the armies of the living gold. I would rather die than watch you continue. And go confide or throw it on him to bring Goliath down. It was not this tone that broke Goliath down. It was the authority of heaven that planted this tone in the forehead of Goliath. And they came down. Why? It was driven by his passion for gold. Authority came to justify heaven. That's him is coming your way. Thank you for watching and I'm very glad. But that was saved when we come back to the 5th recipe. It saves a name and applies on the world. It seats itself on the field that fell in love with Goliath. I hope this makes it that the world loves to enjoy the soul of the spirit. Do well to subscribe to my channel. If you are new to our channel, or if you are watching this video, let us subscribe and share it with all of us. All those people should also read it. Thank you very much for watching. Thank you very much for watching. Thank you very much for watching. Thank you very much. And enjoy this. Bye.