Now let today be a day to be much remembered. Let today be a day of release. Let today go down as a day of liberty. Take all the glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Give the Lord the being hand of praise. You may please be seated. There are days and there are certain days and it takes sensitivity to be connected to your certain day. From the first service I have been speaking forth that by this impartial service and end comes to all your struggles. And I began to ask the people that when you get back home today, smite beginning from your gate, strike your gate, strike the door to your house, strike the store for your sitting room, strike your bedroom. And I mean of you had that testimony of a life, huge foul hiding on that debate of a man. And fire began to burn when this anointing struck the place. More often than not, the days challenging you in your house. Just like the solutions are in the house, the same way the problems are in the house. And to show it was no ordinary thing, as they began to deal with the foul, the laundry began to cry and cried and cried and died. And they were killing a cow, those no make man a murderer. So nobody killed the woman. It was a foul that was killed. Whatever they are for represents a dumpling block on the path of your destiny. This impartial marks the end of it. What is impartial? Impartial is a platform for transference of action. From one vessel to another for the purpose of establishment of destiny, Romans 11, Paul said that long to see you that I may impart to you some spiritual gifts to the end that he may be established. So impartial is a spiritual platform for transference of action for the purpose of establishment of destiny. What is impartial is a medium through which the grace in one vessel is replicated in another. The grace in one vessel is replicated in another. So when you strike your bed with the mantle, whatever can survive under the bed of the source of that grace, cannot survive under your bed. You know they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the blood of their testimony. Revealation 12 from verse 11, they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the world of your testimony. They overcame by testimony. It's at the right chose list of their testimonies everlasting. Give me understanding and I shall live. We need an understanding of testimonies. They were to amputate the leg of his brother and say no, I'm coming. And they go there and tie the same man to under leg. And the brother caught in the night, the leg is shaking, the leg is shaking, the power of his brother was hitting the leg. And now no, I don't, no plastic in the leg. The leg is back on his feet. The right chose list of their testimony is everlasting. Psalm 119 verse 144. Give me understanding and I shall live. The right chose list of their testimony is everlasting. It is ever effectual. Give me understanding of your testimonies then I will reproduce them. Give me understanding and I shall live. And I kept crying, strike your gate, strike the door of your house, strike the stove in your city room, strike your bed because certain things are pressing on your life and you can locate where they are. And that is far far, talky size, was feeding on the destinies of those individuals. Naris Kabayaka Talota, whatever is feeding on anyone's destiny here, I declared them cursed in the name of Jesus. I declared them cursed in the name of Jesus. Whatever is feeding on your destiny, I declared it cursed in the name of Jesus. Whatever is feeding on the destiny of your family, your business, your career, I declared them cursed in the name of Jesus. Please take your mantu's if you came with him and put them on down into your seat. Now you see, other people got hold of the mantu's same day but they can't even tell where it is. It brought a foul from one at the bed of one and joined the leg of the one that was to be amputated but some don't even know what it is because they are fed in the thing is zero. They think it's an activity of the choice and they don't know the choice that you may choose to align with or not. Where others are flying by or those don't have any expression of it in their life. My son Alfonso's, when the Ethiopian airline crashed, was on board off flight 1996 and he put his mantu on his neck and the plane broke to two in front of him. It was only survivor. Something I know by that testimony has broken loose for someone here. There are things fighting you you can't see for the power of God will unveil them. Teaching in the thought service, I was telling the people that you see every child of God is ordained a man and a woman of exploit on three fronts. By redemption you are the sort of the light of the world. It is a ton of heat I cannot be feeling. By the Abrahamic covenant only kings and nations come from the loins of Abraham. Genesis 17 verse 6 you know only kings and nations come out of the loins of Abraham. So by the Abrahamic covenant you are a man and a woman to reckon with. He said and then died seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. Every seed of Abraham is a global phenomenon. Every seed of Abraham is what? Is ordained a global phenomenon. Every seed of Abraham is ordained a global phenomenon. And in die seed Genesis 22 verse 17 and 18 shall all the families of the earth be blessed. Now take of it in the prophetic in the last days you shall come to Carpaz. The mountain of the house of the Lord shall be established on top of the mountain. The Lord said about all his and all nations shall flow into it. So by the prophetic as it relates to the end time you are an ordained high flyer. For out of the house shall proceed the law. You are an authority and an established authority in your field. And what do you know from Jerusalem? Isaiah chapter 2 and verse 1 to 3. Micah chapter 4 and verses 1 and 2. Now you see this is God's prophetic agenda for the end time. And we are end time saying. So every child of God by redemption by the prophet is a man of value. A man to be sorted after. A man to be envy. But why are we MPT? Because a great door and effecture is open unto us but there are many adversaries. First authority and 16 and verse 9. And this service is just towards dealing with that adversary. Dealing with them. Nakush Kabo Shali Teclary Sakula Pekotah. Whatever is sitting on your destiny today, sitting on your head, sitting on the head of your children, sitting on the next face of your life. Whatever the original cause is, is messing up your destiny. Right now in the name of Jesus, under this anointing, I command a divorcee. I command your liberty. I command your liberty. I command your liberty. I command your liberty. Your man to is now on this libression ground of global repute, libression ground of a global repute. What is spoken here answers in Japan. Distance notwithstanding. What is spoken here answers in Australia. Distance notwithstanding. So why must you not answer in your life? Therefore the anointing that is causing unstoppable eruption of grace on this commission goes into that man to right now. Somebody believe that let me allow this amen. Let me allow this amen. Let me allow this amen. Let's look at some of the forces of liberty recognize and scriptures. And the first one we look at is the force of light. The force of light. Because our battles are against the powers of darkness. So greatest defense is the force of light. For we resonate against flesh and blood. But against powers. Against the rulers of the darkness of this world. And the wicked spirits in high places. So our battles against essentially against the powers of darkness. So we have to engage the power of light to dislodge them and keep them off our territory. Jesus speaking concerning his betrayer. He said to Judas, this is your hour and the power of darkness. That is the ultimate power of the devil. The power of darkness. And so we need to put on the armor of light. So as to dislodge the powers of darkness. I challenge the powers of which craft. I challenge all oppressing aquatic powers. I come against all the creatures of darkness. I challenge all of them. I challenge all of them. I challenge all of them. I challenge all of them. I come against all the causes of the wicked. I command the release of every captive under the sand of my voice. In the name of Jesus. This is your hour. And I pray right now that nobody messes his own and her own catch-up moment under this prophetic anointed. You are long overdue for liberty. Come and say I'm long overdue. You are born again to enjoy liberty. The son of God came to set you and I free from the bandages of hell. So the day you were saved was the beginning of your era of liberty. So that you are not there yet. It does not mean that it's not the truth. It only means you are being resisted and you have not found the way of dealing with the resisted forces. Who are you to think of liberty? Let me show you your picture right now. You know the word of God is likened to water. Said the dumb methods cleanse her by the washing of water by the word of God. So when you put water in the bowl and you put your face on it, what do you see? You see your face. So what the word does among other things is to show you who you are. To unveil your spiritual status. To show you what redemption has made of you. What redemption has made of you. Remember the amor of light is simply it's the amor of revelation. Because the end sense of his war hall give it light. Someone will never want that and gives understanding to the simple. So the amor of light is simply the amor of revelation. The amor of light is the amor of revelation. And that's your seal of authority against the powers of darkness. One of the greatest assets of my life was my encounter of 1979 that just simply unveiled to me what redemption has made of me. Where you are say you are raised up together with him. Efficiency two five and six. I'm made to sit together with him in heavenly places. So salvation establishes a new seat for you. Restors up together. Make us to see together with him in heavenly places in Christ Jesus come along. And where is that place located? I don't see relate to these things we are talking about. Efficiency one twenty and twenty one. It's a Christ is seated in heavenly places. Far above all press equality and power and might and dominion. What is dominating the world? Cannot dominate you because you are seated far above dominion. Every name that is named not only in this world but also in that which is so calm. And as you are seated with him far above. So new path does not leave you to struggle here. It takes you off here and repulsion you far above far above. This is not a theory. This is set to in heaven forever. So if you are saved you have been repositioned spiritually to be far above all the first of a last matinee world. So you are far above the forces of witchcraft. Far above the forces of witchery. Far above all occultic forces. You are seated far above all family spirit. You are seated far above all generational causes. You are seated far above all human causes. That is the foundation of your liberty in Christ. You need a revelation of who you are in redemption. And then you put that on as an amor. Far above. It is this far above mentality. That rose me crazy and dealing with all queer forces far above when I speak which is must be quiet. You know that I'm speaking and you are talking I will slap you again. Amen. When I'm talking you should be quiet. When a general is speaking a compromise shrink it's not a what what do you mean? Ah what do you mean you you will see it now. By the time they fry you your wife will know you. They fry you or the what time you will drain off for saying what do you mean to a general. So when a son of God who is conscious of his new position in Christ speaks how queer fascism must go quiet. Oh. If the foundation is 40 right you can do nothing. If you are not conscious of your new status of liberty you never experience it. Somebody is blessed. In John chapter one and verse one to five in the beginning was the word and the word was God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God and all things were made by him and without it was not anything made that was made. And him was life and the life was the light of man and the light from that word shine at aim darkness and the darkness comprehend that it not. So that is the master of darkness. Is somebody here know what I'm saying? From 1979 to light till now I can't imagine a witch talk when I'm talking. And that was not what I saw but I encountered the light that shows my supremacy over all principality power dominion and every name that is named other than Jesus. Not only in this world but also in that which is so calm. That is my new redemptive throne. It's not the other you don't that's not what you're talking about. Now that was a very interesting testament that came in from the UK. I mean from Europe one of those common countries. Now this individual was listening to a tape when I was talking about is it the missing of faith or something I was freaking about one of those tapes and then enemies of faith and at the point he felt like going to put off the tape. He said I don't think this man understand what I'm going through. And immediately he had me say you may think that this man does not understand what you're going through. At the point when he was going to put off the tape that word came out then he retreated. Is a tear plague ended there. So don't make your situation extraordinary. Your situation is an ordinary as anybody say a situation. It is understandable in an adequate your understanding is an adequate that makes your situation extraordinary. By this light I see you begin to operate more than you conquer. By this light I see your liberty established. By this light I see an end to all the pressures of the devil. In the name of Jesus. Thank you Jesus. This is your art I said. And it must be so. Can I hear your loudest amen. Can I hear your loudest amen. Can I hear your loudest amen. Can I hear your loudest amen. So light it say you shall know the truth. And what happens? The truth shall make you free. And whenever the truth says free it shall be free in the John 832 and 36. Now he went on and said my people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. We see chapter 4 verse 6 because we have rejected the world of the Lord. He also has rejected you. So the knowledge of the world is your escape route from every form of destruction. Now in Isaiah chapter 5 beginning from verse 1 all the way to 13. It is a prophetic proverb out there talking about the vanguard of his beloved. That was planted on a very fruitful field and you know with the choices of vine with an egg built around it and that's you. He said now what should I have done to my vine that I'm not done to it. When I expected for to bring forth fruit it brought wide grapes. And it went on in verse 10 to tell us the story. When to tell us the summary he said my people are gone into captivity because they have no knowledge. So the knowledge of the truth is the platform for your last day liberty. The knowledge of the truth regarding what redemption has offered you. What redemption has made of you. We are redemption as position you. That is the platform for your true and last day liberty. Christianity is not a society. It's a spiritual family. Being in Christ is belonging to God's family. Do you look like a member of that family? But it takes revelation to provoke a reaction. It is revelation that provokes reactions. You have to know what can what must not be. So when you see to react against it. Listen to me by redemption. You are now citizens of heaven. Can I hear your amen? There could be war in heaven. But Satan got permitted to prevail there. He said there was war in heaven. Revenation to about 7th. Satan fought. And Michael fought also on his hinges. And Satan prevailed not. The dragon prevailed. Now that was there any place found any more for him in heaven. So where are you? Satan is not permitted to prevail. Please understand that the Satan is not permitted to prevail. Where are you doing? And this world you could be challenged. But the challenger, your challenger is not permitted to prevail. Therefore I decree your triumph today in the name of Jesus. And they overcame him. It was the testimony of Wigus War that fire this revelation to my heart. That is, I understood the scripture by his testimony. And they overcame him. And after the story several times, July 79, I went out to be to a minister in the place. After coming out from this fresh revelation every time I got swear, I know. I came out with it. It was bonding like fire inside me. I was looking for any devil to deal with. After a minister, I was saying, I said, I've made a mistake. And now everybody say which stand up. And you can quote them to stop accepting new positions. So they stood up in numbers and said, No, no, no, no, no. I'm saying I don't mean the country of which I mean you're practicing which stand up a crowd stood up 1979 I was ready tall and huge Now is it I said now one of you come on here tell me what to do with the devil I Mean come say dominion By the ammo of light I didn't have that I didn't have any feeling and you're light light that I'm seated far above When I speak they must will be When I give command they must be quiet and so she came up and said when we want to suck blood We go to the highway cause back to some assault we saw the blood of the victims as what's the weapon like us are coming There was no microphone in those days when you use mouth It's a when we said say higher power on the way we clear out the highway Listen to me the oppressor will not be able to stand your presence anymore Just to wear this ammo this ammo of light that the redemption has not left you a Left to a victim of frustration, but as put you in command, so when you put on that ammo of light you have it the way you want it Let me have your loudness a man Thank you Jesus Thank you Jesus Coming out from the revelation of John one one to five They caught me up in a family I was in a family meeting at home, and they said your son is sick, and I said what what about they say? He went mad mad in this house What is stupid devil that is so I said okay when we are true I'm coming there. There was no hold it. No need to hold you man. It's a simple matter So we close the meeting and I drove in my apartment, you know, what did they call it? Boots were going to you know, I let him win come condition And I drove down with all authority. I was born new with authority. It wasn't a guess what I wasn't going to try And the light shine it in darkness and the darkness comprehend it now This false spirit is one of the parts of darkness when I enter the place with the part of light darkness must be as well As I enter the place my little one stood up in this madness and Half-lick it and process to greet me. They said do you know who that is? Yes, that's my brother You know it's them and imagine my name in the midst of madness Kuku Shagalaba, you know that demon said Jesus. I know Paul. I know I said dress him up and put him in my car. Let me see the devil. I had to go to enter my car with me My wife was there. They put the young man with the young chopping my car before we were 10 kilometers on the journey. It was not He has lost left for weeks He has not been grateful. He was delivered by the amor of light. I'm of what? Somebody's here. That operation stops now That That operation stops now That oppression on your life sees is now You believe in me. Yeah, you know the same man That oppression on your family sees is now That oppression on your children sees is now That oppression on your head sees is now Say it man by redemption I am now seated in heavenly places We are there is no place for the devil We are the devil has no capacity to prevail I am seated in heavenly places The heaven of rest The home of liberty We are the oppressor has no place We are the oppressor has no place Therefore I am free Therefore I am free Therefore I am free Shard glory Thank you Thank you, father The last channel of our liberty is called the anointing so we've made the anointing And yet a little while and the indignation shall cease Am I anger in their destruction as I attend 25 To 27 It says And it shall come to pass in that day 27 That the burden shall be taken off from your shoulder and you from off your neck and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing and The anointing manifests on different fronts When you can be anointed for battle By a thirst and a longing of your soul As I am in some 63 was one to three My soul tested for thee and my flesh long get for thee in a giant task in land We are know what I is to see that power and I glory I will pour water upon him that is tested I'm flush upon the dry land upon my spirit upon your offspring and The shall spring forth as well for the four the three and four You can encounter the anointing for conquest by craving for it Number two you can encounter the anointing Through the impartation of the anointing And The spirit The people about to send the spirit of Elijah Now race upon elation it was a transferred function That position him for conquest can I hear your human? So the conquest of elation came by impartation came by what came by impartation and in this impartation service Because this is a libration commission It is for the libration of the entire world Amen, so this platform is a platform for the establishment of the liberty of the saint And in this in part is a service with your mantus on the floor I decree an end to every of your captivity holders In the name of Jesus They said under your holding you Choking you shall be destroyed Because of the anointed Therefore I decree them destroyed today in the name of Jesus Can I hear your loudest amen? Let me hear your loudest amen Let me hear your loudest amen Let me hear your loudest amen Number three the anointing can be unleashed through the prophetic And the spirit entered into me when he speak unto me and sent me up for my feet There are things you hear and as the understanding Combs alive That is a flow of action into your life You know there is a why Even the world of God is packaged by this spirit Amen, they only may speak as they were moved by the Holy Ghost My spirit it has gathered them as they are 34 bus 16 That's why every Revealation and canter culminates in a flow of action When a revelation don't Auction flows to a pretend our frequency Auction flows And the word of God is the word of the word of more sure word of prophecy Glory to God So God's word is a prophetic package So as you receive revelation of the prophetic world Unction flows You receive Understanding of the ministry of a prophet Unction flows Is somebody I know what I'm saying So the prophetic is a major channel For and can't turn in the anointing can I hear your email and can't turn in the anointing and can't turn in the anointing I was sitting down years ago at Tosa and ask can it take it was speaking something Electric was fired into me And I lost total control I was sobbing and sobbing and the Lord said to me my son David the button has been passed over to you So auction was transferred via the prophetic channel. He was ministry and then fire broke loose Somebody's receiving some fire right now Somebody's receiving some fire right now Somebody's receiving some fire right now That looks like you let me hear your loud ass amen Very interestingly I know I close with age There is the anointions that flows through testimonies come as the anointions Because testimonies or testimonies recognize as a weapon of victory And as a weapon of victory which means It's a holder of the anointing That means there is an anointing that resides in testimonies So when you understand testimony The action that bats it flows into use to the producer As I saw Smith we goes for snobbed a devil He saw a figure of a man with a horn on the air Rocking on the chair in the city room and he east and Tom back. I don't know if you the devil And he went to bed That did something in me Something unforgettable I mean something supernatural That fired into me is very complex over all devil's no matter who they are is somebody else. I'm saying And I love you tomorrow. It shows And they overcame him revelation 1211 by The blood and by the world of their testimonies they overcame by the blood and by the world of their So we need an understanding of testimonies to replicate them Because to understand of those testimonies Causes the action that baseless is meant to flow through you and then they are replicated several times after not the devil With east and went away for free several times several times Somebody's here something is changing in your life Let me say this to you today God does no business holding down your liberty to tomorrow I I have had the In the time of September and the deal of salvation of so called the behold now It's a separate time and behold today is the deal of salvation second condition chapter six verse two That operation you saw last is the last to we ever see in your life That spirit husband is cost today That spirit wife is cost today The oppressions in your dreams is over this hour The strangest moving through your body is cost today If you believe today is your day of salvation. Let me hear you shall glory You believe that now is your accepted time for liberty. Let me hear you shall glory I Previous to be anointed To cut off the house of wickedness He said And from the beginning was not so and now the hour has come To library the world from all oppressions of the devil Through the preaching of the water faith and I'm sending you to undertake this task So I decree by this mandate your instant liberty today And When God sent a man It goes before him He goes with him He walks with him and he works for him Mm-hmm. So whatever God can stop in your life most top this hour Whatever can't resist God Most loose is grip of you today Yeah I am saying for the vibration of the man and women of this generation God sent me in an 18 hour long vision To go say to the world enough is enough Satan stop there So whatever Satan has done Against your destiny I command them on dawn today Whatever tree the devil has planted into your life. I command them of brutal today In the name of Jesus Hey oh Oh Sad Lift up your hands and celebrate the power of God, the power of the Holy Ghost, over your situations. When your God searches for his hand, no man can turn him back. Hallelujah, in the name of Jesus, Paul in the midnight of the hour, the midnight of the hour, pray, and sound praises, and the prisoners heard him. And suddenly, Koshikari, Agaraboya, Takah, Takah to Sezuah, in the midst of these high praises, I command an unusual flow of the anointed.