Vengeance is mine, and I will revenge. Romans 12 on verse 19. Vengeance is mine. I will repay, say the Lord. Every agent of the devil behind the torments and the torches of your life will pay for it today. The odd revelation of the other side of God is our security. Revelation of the other side of God is our defense. The revelation of the other side of God is what secures our future. We need that understanding, or we remain tormented and afflicted. Many years ago, I got a tale titled The Lord Killeth, and they make it a life by A.A. and then. Oh, it massacred my religious mind. That was back in 1979. I saw the other side of God in clear towns. Without that revelation, I won't be here today. I don't only serve a savior God, I serve a killer God. For some, chapter 2 and verse 6. The Lord Killeth, I make it a life. He bring it down to the grave and he bring it up. We serve a two-sided God. The Lord Killeth, make it a life. He bring it down to the grave and he bring it up. Everyone may have been shot up in one kind of grave for another. God is bringing you up today. And we put our adversaries into the... Every arrow that may have been taught, maintaining the aspect of your life, will it turn back to where they came from? They will not only turn with the same measure, they will turn seven-fourth measure back to them. But why invoke vengeance? Our God is the God of vengeance. Whatever God is is holy. So vengeance is a holy thing. Whatever is the thrice holy God. Whatever God is is a holy thing. And vengeance is mine and I would repay. Some 94 of us, one, O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongs. O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongs. Show thy serve. Show thy serve. This morning, God will manifest His other side in your favor. Whatever is sitting on the destiny of your children, sitting on your business, sitting on your career, the God of vengeance will show up in your favor. I'm going to hear news after this service. News of divine massacre in the camp of your enemy. News of divine devastation in the camp of your enemy. Why invoke vengeance? Jesus taught us to pray vengeance prayer. Men ought always to pray. Not even sometimes, always to pray. And what they pray, avenge me of my adversary. Look at it in Numbers 1, avenge me of my adversary. A avenge me of my adversary said, it will avenge your speedily. So we are taught to pray vengeance prayer by Jesus. We are taught to pray vengeance prayer by Jesus. And shall not God avenge His only leg that call upon Him day and night? Do it, be along with Him, because it's a normal difficult but we can get Him to unleash His vengeance. It's like, I tell you, it will avenge them speedily. It will avenge them how? You shall be speedily avenged this morning. Why invoke vengeance? Execution of vengeance is one major way to put in an end to the wickedness of the wicked in your life. We just read out some this morning in some servant. He said, let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end. And vengeance is one way to put down, to put an end to the wickedness of the wicked. In Ecclesiastes chapter 8 and verse 11, he said, when judgment against an evil war is not executed speedily. Therefore, the heart of the sons of man is fully set in them to continue to do evil. There must be speedy judgment to bring an end to the wickedness of the wicked. And this morning, as the Lord live it, speedy judgment answers in your favor today. Somebody had worked for 27 years without anything to show. You had the testimony. And then you get money from business, bring it to your house. No window breakage, no nothing. And then the money's up here. 27 years. You got some insight to start keeping your money with your friends. You got money. Your wife died two months after. What? Iran into the Saviour. The God who went down belonged to him. So uncle's died same hour. What was it, same hour? That's judgment. That's vengeance. This day, judgment will answer in your favor. Today, the unseen forces behind your deeds of your life will come to an end. Remember until God unleashed his vengeance upon Egypt, Pharaoh never gave up. Pharaoh never gave up. All the magic signs and wonders will move him. But when judgment answer, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. What's about beholding you down on any aspect of your life? This money you are going free. By this prophetic service, God is turning you to cause or fire in the hands of your enemy. They won't hold you any more second after this. And upon all the gods of Egypt, will I execute judgment? I am the law. What? Exodus 12, 12. All the demon forces, back off your issues, they are declared destroyed this morning. Every consultation made for your heart is finally over today. One kid Napa abducted one of our children here in the Children's Department. And this child was head bound for two years, three months. The abducted, the kid Napa was in my place to confess why he saw me in the dream several times with a sword pursuing him. I said, this is your grief. This is your grief. He said before he died, let me confess. He finished confessing. We got the child back and he died. All done this prophetic offering. Everything to maintain you will be to maintain this money. Everything, I'll flick to you will be I'll flick to this money. The name of Jesus Christ. Within the next seven days, we hear news. That now we can't agent of the devil is laterest. The persecutor of your life is now gone. He said, it will prepare his instruments of death. God is not only a deliverer. It's also a destroyer. God's instrument of death will answer in the camp of your enemy today. One of our daughters here was been tormented and harassed by maybe a ton of grandmother or whatever. The dead, the woman died. She got three jobs. Same day, same day. They were sitting on her life. Had been destroyed by God. And it's destiny, you follow? Somebody's destiny is opening up here today. Somebody's destiny is opening up here today. We had a very humbling testimony from one of our churches in Abuja, a mad man, 35 years of madness, walked into a church last Sunday, sat at the back. As the world was going, his eyes opened. No, no, what's wrong with me? Where am I? Now, it got delivered so completely that he gave his testimony. He asked the Lord, show me. Somebody, 35 years, feeding on his escritor. Show me his behind it. Then he said, he's your father. He said, I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Last Wednesday, the sense of God is father fed and undied. 35 years. You can't tell for what? Maybe for money. Maybe for position. Don this monster mad. I can't help to say that. Every of your insane enemy will crash today. Yes. Every of your insane enemy will crash today. Yes. Half rest, go to the covenant, go on, because the dark places of the earth, they are full of the abutations of cruelty. They are this wickedness in this world. But today, vengeance will bring an end to the oppression of the wickedness of the wicked in your life. Yes. That's why we may not be exempted from the horror of the day on the judgment against the source. It's divinely executed. That's why I said, so far, no witch to leave. Exodus 22 and verse 18, thou shalt not suffer a witch to leave. Therefore, every agent of the devil will be witching your destiny. They go down for you today. We may never be exempted from the horror of the day, except vengeance, answers, and the camp of our enemies. Ferrous people sued them, no longer, and the strength of Egypt was drawn in the Red Sea. So the host of Egyptians who see today ask the Lord, even, and ask His servant, you see them no more again forever. Yes. That was this woman that was monitoring this child of God. How are you now? How far she was written on the Lord? And this wicked woman was monitoring her. Then I said to them in one of the services, I need time, anybody ask you how far? Say God has done it. So this evil man called her not money after her all night prayer. Hello, my daughter, how are you now? How is everything? Say God has done it. Then he shout to the Lord. May just, may just, may just, may just, and give up the course. Every agent of the devil monitoring your destiny for evil goes down for you today. Please understand that it is our ademptive right to cause every source of satanic oppression, and efficient around our lives. It is our ademptive right to cause. Some people think that why cause? God causes. I will bless them that bless thee and him that causes you. I will cause. Genesis 12, verse three. God causes. Jesus caused the victory. And he said, hey, if you say to this mountain that is mocking your destiny, be thou removed. Because of the sea, he shall be so. Mark 11, 19 to 23. Jesus taught us to cause whatever is mocking our destiny. Praise God. The Holy Ghost causes. And of judgment because the praise of this world is judged. And then we saw how Paul looked at the elements. Full of the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Ghost landed the cause on the elements. And it went planned on the spot. The father causes. The son causes. The Holy Ghost causes. Why cause? Why invoke a cause? It's our ademptive right to cause every unwanted thing in our life. And right to us, that shall be established. Thou shall be far from oppression. Surely they shall gather together about no by me. Isaiah 54, verse 14 to 17. But then they gather together against you shall fall for your sin. But 17, no weapon that's formed against you shall prosper. But every time the child is against you, join me. Thou shalt condemn not me. You, God said, I won't condemn them. You will condemn them. So everything you condemn today, it will be a dead sentence. So it is our responsibility to cause everything that mocks our destiny in Christ. Whatever this source of mockery is, I declare you cause today. Yes. Those children were out mocking Elisha, old boy had gone, old boy had gone. He turned and caused them in the name of the Lord. And too, she be as came out of the wood and destroyed for the two of them. He caused them. He caused them. Whatever makes them to us, where is your God? Comes on their cause today. Whatever makes people ask, where is your God? Comes on their cause today. Whatever makes people ask you, where is your God? Comes on their cause today. And the name of Jesus Christ. And the name of Jesus Christ. It is our redemptive right and responsibility to cause every unwanted thing around our life. We are in the last days. We are in the days of the vengeance of the Lord. We saw how Jesus stopped. At the point where he said, and to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. And then the day of vengeance of our God, why so has to comfort all that more? To comfort them that morning's high on, to give them beautiful ashes. They won't have jail for money. They can't make people the sweetest of happiness. That they might be caught trees of righteousness. The plantains of the Lord that he may be glorified. Now, listen to this. The latter day begins with the day of vengeance of our God. So we are in the days of vengeance of our God. ''Whatever I will let you go, must go for you.'' ''Whatever I will let you go must go for you.'' ''Whatever I will let to go, must go for you.'' And the name of Jesus Christ. In Isaiah 33 and verse 4, the Bible says, For the day of vengeance is in my heart. And the year of my redeem is come. Your years come. The day of vengeance in the camp of enemy has come. That means your year has not come, or the vengeance answered. Today, vengeance must answer for you. Everyone caught by rain, the fuss is holding your womb barn. They are caused today. Every marital spell around anyone's life is over today. Whatever makes man question the faithfulness of your God is torn for you for a testimony today. This is so important, Hallelujah. Furthermore, we must recognize that God's same prophets are agents of vengeance. Vengeance on the source of our Satanic bondage. For by a prophet, the Lord brought Israel out of Egypt. And by a prophet, we'll see, please, a heart. The prophet is the name of Jesus Christ. They are coming out of your bandage. They are coming out of your captivity. He said, for the gifts you see today, you see them, no making forever. And then the seas swallow them up. Not one of them escaped. Today, every force pursuing you to your heart, they are brought down. They are brought down. They are brought down. And some 74, but 9 to 12. He said, we see not our signs. There is no more any prophet. Neither is there among us any that know it for how long this will be. Oh, God, how long shall they adversely reproach? And the enemy blaspheme their name and shall the enemy blaspheme their name forever? They are brought down right there, like hand, even at hand. Lock it out of their bosom. Prophets are God's right hand for executing his judgment against every form of shame and reproach. Therefore today, every source of the shame and reproach in anyone's life on the design of my voice is the clear cause today. Every shame and reproach is wiped out of your life forever. In the name of Jesus Christ, for your shame is the tool you shall have double. And that is anointing. Every form of shame you may have suffered is return as double glory. In the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Father. So prophets invoke vengeance on every form of captivity holding anyone of us bound. They invoke vengeance on every source of shame and reproach. And they invoke vengeance against all forms of satanic harassment. If I be a man of God, let fire come down from heaven and consume you. And they will consume. First time, second time. They will all consume today in the name of Jesus. I decree an end to every form of satanic harassment on your life. There was this man called Elemas who was resisting the deputy from receiving the gospel and Paul invoked judgment of blindness on him. Today has a long live it within seven days. Every source of your harassment comes on that judgment. Every source of harassment against your life comes on that judgment. And so shall it be. Let us recognize that every child of God is ordained and untouchable entity. You need this revelation because it will form the basis for your reactions. You need this revelation of my redemption. You are ordained and untouchable entity on the earth. That woman with a big saw on the head said, I did not know you are not an ordinary person. Every child of God is ordained and untouchable entity. Whoever touches you touches the apple of God's eye. The one from one nation to another is of a no man to do them wrong. In the proof case of their sex say, touch not my anointed and do my profess no harm. Redemption has made you an untouchable entity on the earth. How much am untouchable? You are untouchable by redemption because every child of God is a spiritual Jew. And as they were from one nation to another. Remember it's called the church in the wilderness. So every member of the body of Christ is an untouchable entity. Untouchable, untouchable, untouchable. Therefore, every evil harm, smearing your destiny in one way or another. They are caught off today. Why? Because redemption has made you an untouchable entity on the earth. An untouchable entity on the earth. An untouchable entity on the earth. This must rule your heart. It must rule your mind. It must rule your soul. I'm untouchable number two. You are uncorseable. Amen. Before I go to that, look at Exodus chapter 23 verse 20 to 23. They say, behold, I sent my angel to go before thee. He shall keep you in the way. I'm praying to the police which are prepared for you. And obey his voice. Provoke him not. For he will not pardon your transgression for my name is in him. He said, but if thou shall indeed obey his voice. I do all that I speak. Then I will be an enemy unto the enemies. And an adversary to the adversary. Today, God becomes the enemy to the enemies. It becomes an adversary to the adversaries. You believe that? Let me have your loudness. Amen. Number two, you are uncorseable. Understand that by redemption, you are what? Exodus 23 and verse 23. Surely there is no enchantment. I mean, number sorry, 23, 23. Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob. Neither is there any divination against Israel. According to this time, Jacob is said of Jacob and of Israel. What has God brought? There will be no asking what has happened again. But from now, he shall be testimony to testimony. Amen. Every child of God is a seed of Abraham. Galatians 3, 29. Every child of God says 3 to a Jew. Romans 2, 20, 10, 29. So there is no enchantment against you as a child of God. So we are divided most of the cook did from. And end comes to them today. Can I hear your loudness, amen? Let me hear your loudness, amen. Amen. There are for anyone who is in any aspect of your destiny, down is a dead man. Exodus chapter 20 and verse 3. Abimelek took Sarah for a wife. And God said to him, Amen, you are a dead man. Everyone who is dead, down any aspect of your life. Verse 20, verse 3 and verse 18. Anybody who has done any aspect of your life, is a dead man. Look at what he said in verse 3. But God came to Abimelek in a dream by night and said to him, Now I bought a dead man. For the woman with her has taken, for she is a man's wife. Amen, dead man. Anyone holding any aspect of your life down is declared a dead man this month. Amen. Three things to do. And then we close. To qualify for the God of vengeance to manifest himself. One, be born again. Israel is my son. You're my first born. Let my son go that may serve me. If you don't let him go, I'll kill your son. Be born again. To qualify for God, the God of vengeance to assign your favor. Be born again. Number two. Believe in the God of vengeance. For intervention in your circumstances. For whatever is born of God, overcome it the world. And this how it works comes by faith. He overcomes evil by faith. You must believe in the manifestation of the God of vengeance to qualify for his intervention. Believe it is that I'm able to do this. I'm going to your faith be done on to do. Faith is vital in evoking divine vengeance. Number three. Commit to serving God and the interest of his kingdom. Let my son go that he may serve me. Serving God entitles you to the intervention of the God of vengeance. For we fear them, as a man's fear that his own son does serve them. I will spare them. As a man, his own son does serve them. They shall yield the tongue. Malachi 3, 17 and 18. And the son between the righteous and the wicked, between him does serve a God and him does serve them now. Commit to serving God's interest. Does Joe fear you for not? If you know a bit of nature around him, around his family. And around that he has on every side. Commit to serving God. Serving God entitles you to the intervention of the God of vengeance. Commit to serving God. Commit to serving God. Let me add one quickly before we close. Speak boldly. Against your adversaries in the name of the Lord. Speak boldly. Some 81 numbers 10 to 14. Open your mouth wide. I'm the Lord that brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open that mouth wide and I will fill it. But my people will not hacken on to my voice. And that will easily do what I ask them to do. Therefore I give them up to their own houses lost. And they walked in their own concepts. Oh, that my people are hacken to my voice. And open your mouth wide. And I walk in my ways. I should soon have subdued their enemies. And tall my hand against the adversaries. Speak boldly in the name of the Lord against your adversaries. Speak boldly. You have heard me make declarations in this place, man. It is a mystery for sustaining your mastery over the forces of darkness. It's not. I give you a mouth and wisdom that non-eurobicy can resist nor gay say. Understand this. Toss became beggarly. Come out boldly. Come out boldly. Let it be boldness from the heart. Come out boldly. And then your enemies will bow out openly. Well, the next seven days we hear news. This is a charge of men and women who are addicted to serving in the interest of the kingdom. We are not permitted to be tormented any further. Every siege on your head is over this morning. Every siege on your family life is over this morning. Every siege on your children is over this morning. Every siege on your business and career is over this morning. Every siege on your money that doesn't is over this morning. The name of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Father. Give the Lord a big hand, everybody. Amen and believe to hear the news of vengeance in the coming of the enemy in seven days. Lift up your hands and begin to declare. With these seven days, vengeance has answered in the coming of the enemy. With these seven days, vengeance has answered in the coming of the enemy. Stand to your feet, everybody. Declare the law. All God to prevent that belonging. Show that same. Show that same today. Show that same today. Show yourself in the coming future. Show yourself in the middle of Persia. Mind you first, you are the side in Mahafabel. Mind you first, you are the side in Mahafabel. Thank you, Father. In Jesus. We have fallen. Precious Name. We have prayed. Nothing empowers our intercession for delivery like expectation. Look at any area of your life that looks held down. I said within seven days God, manifest your other side in my favor in the couple management. Look at that area. Your health, your business, your career, your spiritual life. Manifest yourself in my favor. Manifest your other side. Your side of angels in my favor. Your side of angels in my favor. In Jesus, precious name, we are praying. After this communion, whatever can hold Christ down, we will not be able to hold you down anymore. Give the Lord the behunger, seated. Amen. If you are here in this service or not born again yet, that is the number one step to be a beneficially of the manifestation of the God of angels. Apart from the ultimate opportunity with Christ, wherever you are this morning, we will do the stunts of your feet. You want to surrender your life to Christ this morning. Please stand to your feet. Stand to your feet. God bless you. You want to surrender your life to Christ this morning. You want to be born again. Please stand to your feet. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Hallelujah. Anyone. Somebody has been standing on wherever you are going to put your feet. This is your chance to change your story. Get up on your feet. Or you write the idea where you are. God bless you. Somebody has been getting up. Somebody has been getting up right now. Get up on your feet. It's your chance when you begin it. No more afflictions. No more torment. No more touch on your life. Whatever is born or going to become the war horn. Please stand to your feet. All of us will stand and move to the nearest eye to where you are. And they'll be praying with you. Also, we have in our midst this morning people that need to dedicate their life to Christ. You want to dedicate your life to Christ. Because partial connection will be for illumination. You want to be distinguished. Please stand to your feet. Everyone that wants to dedicate his life to Christ. Get up on your feet this morning. God bless you. God bless you. You want to dedicate your life to Christ with your one's born again. Or somehow things went off at the point. You want to reconnect. But to go. Please stand to your feet. Somebody has been standing up. Wherever you are going to put your feet right now. It's half as time. Jesus is Lord. All of us are standing in this second call. Also make your way to the nearest eye to where you are. And there you be prayed. All of us are standing to be prayed for. Would you please bow your hands. Lift up your right hand to heaven. Now, Jesus. I'd like you to pray this prayer after me. Say it with me. Jesus. I accept you today. Ask my Lord. And my Savior. Forgive me. All my sins. Wash me. With your precious blood. I believe you died for me. On the third day, you rose again. That I may be justified. Right now. I believe. My sins are forgiven. I'm justified by your blood. I'm saved. I'm born again. I'm a child of God. I am free from the power of sin. To solve the living God. Thank you, Jesus. For deceiving me. Thank you, Jesus. For the story of me. Now I know. I'm born again. I'm a child of God. I am free from the power of sin. To solve the living God. Thank you, Jesus. For saving me. Amen. Be blessed of the Lord in the name of Jesus. I decree that today, Mark, they don't know of any new day in your life. And I cover you all with the precious blood of Jesus. It remains cover to the day of His appearing. In the name of Jesus Christ. So shall it be. Give the Lord a big hand of praise. Praise God. Thank you for watching this impactful teaching on God of vegans until the end. For sure, we serve and living God. Who would give men in exchange for your life? Who would kill and slaughter all your enemies and give you peace in every corner? Men and women of God. Let us work on these conscience that our God is there to protect and to create every barrier, humanly demonic or otherwise from our path. Please remember to like this video if it has really blessed you. Stay blessed.