I talk my way out of poverty. It's not enough to be a giver. You must be a talker. If you are not a talker, you stay so far. You stay so far. If you are not a talker, you stay so far. You stay so far. If you are not a talker, you stay so far. And you don't know your mouth. Nobody has put pressure on me. Say it on ashamedly. We're all that need doing it. You're saying it is what are you going to have done? And if you're sitting like what are they to die? Better as capacity to stand alone with God. When the war and take the same territory, I'm so guilty territory. I want you to carry this dominion mentality. Faith is the vital instrument for a lesson, the dominion of the church and this entire unveiling the mystery of faith, but too. We discover from scripture that faith is the most potent force in the whole universe. If that can't believe, all things are possible to him, I believe it. Usual beliefs and mages are said in John 14 and 12. They were that I do, shall they do also. And greater works that I, Jesus did, will they do? Faith is there for us as to a world of all limited possibilities. Something is changing in your life. As Alia announced, we're going to be having the feet washing session at the tail end of this night. And every thing the enemy may have planted inside you and around your life, that your man who had been eating is vomit over the years, got free as a gym of the night, since January. There are a plague of many years, you can't say, Guru to know himself with it. He grew to know himself with it, maybe 30 years, maybe 35 years. And Jesus wiped it off. You're ready? Every evil seed shall be rooted out of everyone's life, John. Faith is an access to a world of unlimited possibilities. There is no in this vassible case with faith. Faith can turn any situation around at any time. If you have been here, our brother will not have died. If you believe, you will see the glory of God, Jesus said, oh, by this time, he's thinking, shut up. We are the do-lay him. Father, thank you. Last time I was comfortable. There is no irreversible case with faith. Watch. What about improving irreversible in your life? The night is a spirited day. There is no incurable disease with faith. Whatever faith has been, seeking to have been supposed to be incurable tonight, to have walked into glorious liberty. There is no irreversible cause. No matter the source of that cause, there is no irreversible spirit. No matter who casts despair. Therefore tonight, whatever may have proved irreversible in your life is declared revoted tonight. Oh! That's why the subject of faith is an all-important subject. It commits gross integrity on any subject matter. So whatever can't stop the way it gains God, can't stop the way it gains faith from having its mission accomplished. For if that can't believe, all things are possible to him that believe it. How is faith a mystery? Everything in creation bows to faith except the creator. We have that in several examples here. Faith comes this tall. Does no belief system. Does no psychology. Matthew 8, 23 to 27. Faith speaks to an animate object and they hear. The tree had Jesus. The tree had Jesus when it's full. He said to this mountain, mountains here. Barrias here. Resist the dead, cast out devils. Have dominion over the element. Son, you stay there. More you stay here. Wait a minute. Rain, you come down. That's what makes faith a mystery. He's told the amount of lions. That's not belief system. Quenches are fairly furnished, subdued to the kingdom. Empaths who penetrate the same. Through faith, Sara accepts the same. To conceive seed. Everyone is coming out of everything tonight. You believe that? Let me have your loudest image. And then, it engenders exploits. Out of this world, all that of accomplishment, what I have not seen, what I have not heard, is that the command of faith. It's that the command of faith. So we're here tonight to look at this mystery. And what makes it work? What is unique about the Bible faith? One, Bible faith commits God's integrity. To deliver. It commits, what do they believe not? Yet, he abides faithful. He cannot deny himself. Whatever this book says, God's integrity is committed by our faith. To make it happen. Because he cannot deny himself. Number two, Bible faith taps into power. Somebody taught me, because virtue is going out of me. No, don't say somebody taught you. We all taught you. He says, stop. Somebody taught me here. Virtue is going out of me. And the woman came trembling. I did. I did. I did. A woman with digital blood. The blood has stayed. I did. I taught you. I said, die faith. As many people. Have faith tapped into power. That made her home. So when your faith comes alive, you are tapping into the power of God to deliver your desire. It's not a belief system. It's a channel of empowerment that changes people's story. Come and see my story is changing. Oh, it doesn't have two fallopian tools. You can tap into power that created the tools at the beginning to be back there. It's not two ovaries in the surgery of procedures. Tap into power. The power that created the ovaries in the beginning will go into action. Every time faith comes alive, you tap into power for your desired change of story. Ask yourself this question. It's God's power up to a change of this situation. If the answer is yes, then let your faith come alive and then you tap into power and you drop power from Jesus and your story changes. Somebody's story has just changed now. The plague of cancer has just lost its grip of your life now. The siege of frustration is just over 20 of February now. There is no one tonight under the sun of my voice whose heart is opened to this prophetic world who will not have a story to tear in three months' time. A dramatic tone around story beginning in your life from tonight. Faith taps into the power of God to effect our desired change. I'm not ashamed of God's food. It is the carrier of the power of God accessible by faith for our change of story. It's so important. As many as receive them, it gives power. Faith empowers us to experience our desired change of story. Your story is changing right now. Number three, please listen to this. We are just unraveling the mystery behind faith. Faith is not believing that God is coming to do something. No. Faith is committing God's integrity to perform what is what is declared. Faith is tapping into the power of God for our desired change of story. Number three, what is unique about Bible faith? Bible faith establishes our active partnership with the invisible God thereby empowering us to do the impossible. Partnership with the invisible that empowers us to do the impossible. Moses by faith endured as saying God who is invisible. When your faith comes alive, you are now in partnership with Jesus in that battle. And lift up your head, see, gaze, your palaces and those be lifted up. No door can be shot against the Almighty God. Faith brings you an eye into active partnership with the invisible God which makes us face different on the auspicious circumstances. That's how Moses invaded Egypt. A buried Pharaoh and his army in the rest of Egypt. In the name of the Lord Jesus, you will never lose this partnership. Remember, I've got that's Hebrew chapter 11, verse 24-27. Hebrew is a limit on the 4-27. Now, if God be follows what? Who can be against it? Partnership with God is the mission behind unlimited breakthroughs in life. Unlimited breakthroughs in life. And God was working with Him confirming the wars with science following. You are in command of the supernatural, where you are in partnership with Jesus. You are just in command. Nicodem was said, no one can do this methodology, except God be with Him. God with you makes you a commander of the supernatural. Jesus went about doing good, and He knows that we are present with Him because God with Him. Faith is the spiritual force that establishes our active partnership with God. That's how powerful faith is. It brings you into partnership with God. Come and say, I'm in partnership with God. Come and say, I'm in partnership with God. And because God is for me, who can be against me? Who can be against me? No door is permitted to be close against me anymore. No more breakthroughs in my life. No more setbacks in my life. Because God is for me. Because God is with me. Because I'm in active partnership with God. Give the Lord a hand of praise to everybody. Number four, Bible faith has the power to quench all the fearing darts of the devil. You don't know how weak the devil is until faith comes alive in you. When faith shows up, devil step out. Efficient 616. Above all, taking the sheet of faith, we are weakly sure, be able to quench our many. How much of it? How many? Oh, the fearing darts of the devil. That's what Mr. Annovercoma. Nothing is able to bring you down. You never saw by a setback again. What is unique about Bible faith? No devil can stop faith from having his way. Because only a force that can stop the way against God can stop the way against faith. If that can't be believed, all things are possible. Now, Mark 10, 27, with medicine impossible, or no, with God, all things are possible. How many things are possible? What is unique about Bible faith? Now, listen, Romans 11, 19 to 23, we saw a mystery here. Let's start from 17. Very interesting scripture. They said, and if some of the branches be broken off and down, be they wide, only three, what grafted in among them, and with them, partake us of the root and the fountains of the olive, both not against the branches. But if they are both, they are not the root, but the root d. Now, that we say then, the branches are broken off, that's what are broken off, that's what I'm going to be grafted in. Verse 20. Well, because of unbelief, they were broken off, and down, standards by faith, be not high-minded, but fear. Now, verse 21, for if God, spearned all the natural branches, take it less, he also spearned the verse 22. He said, behold, they are for the goodness, and the severity of God, on them which fell, severity, but towards the goodness, if they are continuing his goodness, otherwise that shall also be caught off. Verse 23. He said, and they also, if they are by not still in unbelief, shall be grafted in, for God is able to graft them in again. Now, that is what he said. It is by faith we are grafted into God. Hello. He is the vine, we are the branches. We were white, we were the branches. We were white or lived branches, but when we came with faith, we were grafted into the good olive, so we can become partakers of the root and the fountains of the olive. This is what it means, therefore, faith graft our property, into his divinity, they are by confining to many on us, we just into him. So we become partakers of the root and the fatness of the universe. Come and say, I'm grafted into gold. Divinity runs in my veins. I'm grafted into gold. I share the same life with God today. I have eternity. I have eternal life. I have eternal life. I have divine life. I'm ordained to dominate my circumstances. I'm ordained to command dominion. I'm ordained to command dominion. So faith grafts our humanity into divinity. They are by confining dominion on our lives. In the name of Jesus, you don't leave on that no circumstances anymore. Never use a game. As a monk, what can I do? We are not in new creature. We are not in new creature. We are not in new creature. We are now grafted into gold. You know, share eternal life with God. You know, God is dependent on your system. Whatever can happen by the hand of God, we happen through your heart. Let me have your loudest amen. Give the Lord a big hand of praise. Give the Lord a big hand of praise. I told you before, open your heart to be taught and open your heart to be imparted. Open your heart to be taught and open your heart to be imparted. Open your hearts to be taught and open your heart to be imparted. What's unique about Bible faith? Fight Bible faith, praise God's hand to bear on our lives for excellence. The hand of God just comes on your life by faith for a place who are believed and report as at 53 verse 1. Let him watch out for the arm of the Lord reveal upon his life. Faith will always provoke the hand of God to bear on our lives. Making us command impossible results when the hand of God came upon Elijah, the Bible said the outrun, the chariot of Ahab, to the gates of Jesuit, on the usual speed of accomplishment, on usual energy, on usual vibrancy, by the hand of God, first came chapter 18 and verse 46, and the hand of the Lord was on Elijah and they gathered up his loins around before Ahab, to the entrance of Jesuit, he outrun the horse and the chariot. Now, things that have never happened in your life through the mercy of faith that brings God's hand to bear on your life. Shall I begin to happen from now? On usual speed of accomplishment, things that he has never had. There is no way a mortar man will be in the rest of the chariot of your horse and win the race. No. No. No. Not even when the other one has started a long time. And then Elijah was flying. Elijah was flying by the hand of God. Now, I see many high flyers emerge from this liberation night. I see many high flyers emerging from this liberation night. If you believe you are one of them, let me hear your loudness in me. I see many high flyers emerging from this liberation night. Let me hear your loudness in me. If you are tired of slow motion, let me hear your loudness in me. If you want to experience on usual speed, let me hear your confidence in me. Oh, by the hand of the Lord. The hand of the Lord built this tabernacle. The hand of the Lord built Covenant University. Amen. Now, just about 21 years ago, we invaded Africa. Amen. The hand of God. It's a holy invasion. The hand of God gets the unusual things to happen by our hands. Our faith is the provoker of the hand of God. Faith is the trigger of the hand of God. When faith comes alive on any subject, the hand of God is brought to bear. And the unusual things will happen. Please understand this. Because we are living here tonight with the hand of God resting on your life. Everything will be turning your favor from this moment. Maybe you need to hear this. We began Covenant University face one construction on the 6th of March. By 21 of October, students resumed. Two hosts of residents with 1,500 seats. Faculty building, cafeteria, roads, sewage. Everything was in place in less than seven months. A whole campus was built up. Now listen. We have a lot of people here. We have a lot of people here. Now listen. Beginning from now, what used to take you five years to do, you get it on in this month. Does the hand of God? One of the four Jewish banks came up to decide and ask the question. Bank is running this project. They say no, it's not possible. They say it's not possible. Now, less than seven months, debt-free, a P-free, letter-writing-free, caucus-mitting-free. Now, okay, one, two, three, four, five, new men of Taiwan, we have a 10-part meeting. The hand of God, the hand of speed, the hand of supplies, the hand of surprises, the hand of surprises. Beginning from now, this hand of surprises will be manifest in your life. How many are going to go see the mission of faith right now? Are you sending right now? Are you sending right now? You begin to enjoy the manifestations they are all from this moment. Faith brings the hands of God to bear on a man's life for exploits, for his individual accomplishments, or his individual accomplishments. It's a proof faith there's some de-hute kingdoms. They did what? They're all right, your slits. Through faith there's some de-hute kingdoms. There's some de-hute kingdoms. There's some de-hute Babylon. Because he believed in his God. There's some de-hute Babylon. There's some de-hute Babylon. They say, as major rulers in the strained land. Now, listen to me, all over the world. No matter how you look like now, we are all then to subdue the kingdoms of this earth. Yes. Because before Jesus comes, the kingdoms of this earth shall become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ. Shall become what? The kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ and he shall reign forever and ever. Save yourself to come upon Mount Zion that shall judge the Mounts of Israel. And the kingdom shall be the laws. But if I say in the world, it is our headate to subdue kingdoms. I don't know where you are, but you are getting to the topmost of the ladder in your field. Yes. For each of the seven of the Church, this man was born there. And that man was born there. The all my team said, shall I establish her? So I made it seven of us, five to seven. The all my team said, shall I establish her? I want you to carry this dominion mentality. The dominion mentality. Faith is the vital instrument for our lesson, the dominion of the Church in these end times. Amen. Faith is it. Faith is it. Faith is it. I knew for a long time that nations will need the help of this ministry. Faith. Look before it was a proper ministry. I knew by faith. I knew by faith. I knew by faith. I like you to carry this dominion mentality. It is not your hand or my hand. I will do it. It is the hand of God. Now we do it. Watch out. In this great year of my case is different. Things will start turning after this anniversary. And dimensions you never imagined before. Somebody believe that, let me hear your loudness, amen. You believe that, let me hear your loudness, amen. You believe that, let me hear your loudness, amen. Say things are turning for me. Say the loudness you can. Say the loudness where you can't say. Amen. And it's all coming in by the hand of your might to go. In the name of Jesus, every limit is taken of your life. Every limit is taken of your life. What is unique about Bible faith? Number nine, Bible faith turns situations into testimonies. Tons our situations into testimonies. Tons our situations into testimonies as chapter 9 verse 33 to 35. And there you find a certain man named Aeneas, who had kept his bed eight years and was sick of possible. And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ, make a deal, arise and make that bed. And he arose immediately. Nobody gets here without faith. It perceived that he had faith to be healed. Say, Aeneas, Jesus Christ, make a deal. And immediately arose. Faith turns situations into testimonies. I know this shall turn to my salvation through your prayers. And only prayer of faith turns things without prayer of faith, nothing turns. Amen. Amen. Philippians 119, he said, if I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, the supply of the Spirit of Christ. Only the prayer of faith turns situations. Let them ask and faith, or let them not expect to receive anything from God. It is faith that turns our situations into testimonies. It is faith that turns our situations into testimonies. Whatever situation follows you to this, Libration 9, as your faith comes alive in Christ, I decree them to turn into testimonies. That siege of Parenes is turned into testimonies of fruitfulness tonight. That career siege that has kept you on employment seeking life or life, that is broken tonight. That money that has kept you sonny tree over the years, that siege is broken tonight. Said not I unto thee that did I would as believe, that should have seen the glory of God. Amen. Faith turns situations into testimonies. Faith turns situations into testimonies. Faith turns situations into testimonies. Faith turns situations into testimonies. Interestingly, this is the simple procedure through which faith delivers its mission. You believe in your heart, because with the heart, mom, believe it until right now. Are you declared with your mouth, and faith delivers its mission? Amen. What you believe in your heart does not change your story, or you declare with your mouth, because with a half whatsoever you say, you believe in the heart. You say if you don't doubt in your heart, the faith in your heart is centered, then you have committed go to make sure you have whatsoever you say. This is so important. Whatever you can say openly, we never turn to testimonies. Whatever you can say openly, we never turn into open testimonies. They are speaking boldly in the Lord. We get witness to the world of grace and grant their signs and wonders to be done by their hands. They do hear my mentor say, I'm going to leave you out for 120 years. And it's talking to the entire world. And your heart may say so many things are on it. I tell you the truth. If you can't say it boldly, go and confirm it openly. You have to say it boldly. Forgot to confirm it openly. I have to say it boldly. Forgot to confirm it openly. I have to say it boldly. The man I came out 1979 and shouted, yeah, I can never be sick. People who are mocking me, they want to weaken their nose, but I'm still here. I don't know where they are now. But I'm still here. I'm still here. I don't know what they are doing. If they are doing anything now. But I'm still here. And I promise every devil, I'm going to sleep in the nose between my legs. Because he took my place in sickness. No, no, no. When he took Baraba's place, he went home free. Papa. No more in the bedroom. He took my place in disease and sickness so I can go free from him. Can I have your loudness here, man? Yeah. You have to say it boldly. Forgot to confirm it openly. Well, until faith is declared, it is dead. Just like faith without walks is dead. Until faith is declared, it dies inside you. It dies inside you. Yeah, I can never be poor. Now, there are givers who are poor. Because they are torn, brings them into poverty. What's the situation in the country? Like, you know, I mean, you should know. Things are really bad. I mean, except in our church, where they say you shouldn't say so. But now, when you look at the issues practically, and logically, I mean, you look at it logically. Things are bad. If you walk through some areas, you see some of the companies at close shops, they have all left. Believe me, nothing seems to be working in our country. But when I went in church, I was like, it wasn't about how, nothing is working. Can't somebody tell Papa because the way he said it is like, it is not aware. It doesn't go out. So it doesn't know how many people are going close and out. Hey, man. Now, listen to this. Faith does not wait for others. To deliver. Faith has capacity to stand alone. When the world and take the territory. Faith has capacity to stand alone with God. When the world and take the territory, and subdue the territory. Faith has capacity to stand alone. I mean, can I belong? Stop there. Now, I want you to take the land. I'm possessing. Let's go out and talk. He's turned out of the 12 that went. It has capacity to stand alone. That means to the loan I'm comfortable at. I'm broken down. Anybody can talk to himself to try him. Talk to yourself into what? Anybody can. He's free to talk himself to death. Talk to yourself to life. Hey, what am I going to be doing here? The 120. What am I? You know? There's nothing. The 120 is too much. What do you want? Any time God wants. Okay. You can't go tonight. Don't leave your life to chance. Or you don't have a chance. Don't leave your life to chance. Or you don't have a chance. Don't leave your life to chance. Or you don't have a chance. Somebody died sometimes. One of my relations was there. I'm going to send him. Anybody can die at the end time. It didn't take time before he died. The same way. The same with your diamond died. The same way. Those in sympathizing with people. Oh, sorry, yo. You know, this can happen to anybody. Anybody at any time. You see? Anybody at any time. Anybody. He was killing himself without knowing. The same way you're diamond died. The gap is amazing. Because life and death are in the power of the tower. Success and failure are in the power of the tower. Prosperity and poverty are in the power of the tower. It is to every man according to his faith. And your faith is according to your world. So it's to every man according to his world. For with the heart we believe. And with the mouth we take the living of what we believe. Is somebody safe? This is the way it works. As powerful as this mystery. Your faith will make it powerless. And make it destructive. Faith is standing with the mouth. And refusing to doubt it in your heart. If you can't say it, bully. He won't confirm it openly. Understand this. How many hearts are saying September 18, 1999? Is it reality? How many hearts? All of you are here at that time. You are tired of it. Say, say now everybody. September 18, 1999 is reality. One more time. 29 days more to go. Ah! 29 days more to go. 27 days more to go. 13 days more to go. Two days more to go. And a few hours to go. September 18, 1999 is reality. We were sad. It never was tired. Even though we didn't believe we were forced to believe. Because you have to say, you said to the point that your faith said, look, your heart said, I must believe this. I can't believe the old man out. I must believe it. If you can't say it openly, can't say it boldly. In clear times, God can't not confirm it openly. I've been a faith student since 1976. And I can react again. Amen. Ran into Osborne this same year. Following year, I ran into Kenneth Copeland. I've been a student of faith all my life. And I know how this thing works. I know how this thing works. So I have to say it. Even when you're angry, I keep saying it. I keep saying no body can't give me. One million demons can't. It's hard. Amen. One of our weaknesses was in the work I spent in last. Is this hard for you or what? Monday, okay. She was one crying in 1986. When someone was talking against me, and tying the carduna. Now came to me, I said, Papa, stop saying that I will be rich. The way they are talking about you in town is too bad. I said it likes. Is it not me that are talking against? Why are you so bothered? There was a service that day, so I go to the platform, and I said, one of you was crying today. I said, now listen to me. I'm not only going to be rich, I'll be the richest on the planet earth. She just boasts into laughter. There's no point telling this, she just boasts into laughter. I turn our tears into laughter by maintaining my open declaration. Praise God. I'm rich. You shouldn't doubt it by now. You shouldn't doubt it. All I need is what others will need. I need nothing. I talk my way out of poverty. It's not enough to be a giver. You must be a talker. If you are not a talker, you stay so far. You stay so far. If you are not a talker, you stay so far. You stay so far. If you are not a talker, you stay so far. And you don't know of your mouth. Nobody else will bother calling it. Say it openly. Say it on ashamedly. You are already doing it. You are saying it is what I need what I don't. And if you are sitting like what I need to die. Thank you, Jesus. Start to your feet, everybody. Come on, give the Lord a beep behind your prey. Now, very interesting. They checked me up and said, Hey, your blood pressure is high. I said, no, no, my. I wasn't sending it to a raspy man. I was sending it on the discoveries of me and what I have believed. Jesus said it took, you say, your machine saw. I said, no, my. I said, your machine saw. Your machine has a problem. Are you two have a problem? Because Jesus took what to saw. Who are you to see what Jesus took? Not my. And it went back the same day. I never know a peak on high blood pressure in my life. No. My mouth treated me. My face made me whole. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I said, my mouth delivered me. My face made me whole. Not my. My wife said, she had miscarried. My cousin also confirmed it. I said, it can not happen. Can I have my food please? I never mentioned it to God once. My mouth made us food food. One of our daughters, somebody was monitoring her life. Hello, how are you, my daughter? How far now? She was a devil behind it. And I said, where did anybody ask you as an expectant mother? How far say God has done it? So the woman got on the phone. Hello. How? I said God has done it. It matches, matches, matches. And it passed on. It passed on. It passed on. It passed on. The answer is in your mouth. The storage is in your heart. We fed in your heart. And fire in your tongue. A victory becomes a question. A song as dead. What this to be is in the command of your tongue. Life and death are in the power of the tongue. I shall not die. But leave. Can I have you say that? I shall not die. And declare. The works of God. I shall not die. But leave. And declare. The works of the Lord. That's your portion tonight. Little of your two hands. And as the Lord, let your call of fire cleanse my tongue from every corruption. Bless your call of fire on my tongue. And as the Lord, let your call of fire cleanse my tongue from every corruption. And as the Lord, let your call of fire cleanse my tongue from every corruption. Life and death are in the power of the tongue. And the name of Jesus Christ we have prayed. Now, wait a minute. If the president of your great nation, or my great nation, has a song. Can that song or daughter be jobless? Now, listen to this. Your God is the king of audio. Islam, the king of kings. We are not permitted to be jobless in the domain where your father is the king of kings. And faith specializes in calling those things that be not as though. If your father is the baby maker, you cannot be a baby maker. Now, I'll leave you for the few minutes we have to call the things that be not that the word of God of God calls us to be in your life and call them into being. Call your healing into being. Call your deliverance into being. Call your miracle job into being. Call your miracle manager into being. Your father is also the manager maker. You cannot remain a money maker. Call them. This is your life of opportunity. This is your life of opportunity. Call those things that be not as though they were. Call your health into being. Call your deliverance into being. Faith ask a positive to stand alone and win the war and dominate its circumstances. Faith ask a positive to stand alone and win the war. Please call them into being. Faith ask a positive to stand alone and win the war and dominate its circumstances. Faith ask a positive to stand alone and win the war and dominate its circumstances. Faith ask a positive to stand alone and win the war and dominate its circumstances. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call them. Call your breakthrough into being. Call your healing into being. Because by stripes you are healed. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. In the name of Jesus Christ. In the name of Jesus Christ. Remember, it is your faith that comes. What I declare we're not in part on your life without your faith. What anybody has made the clear about your life, we're not making difference without your faith. What Jesus declares over your life on my life won't make no meaning without my faith. For the jaws shall live by his faith. Do you believe in the things you said? Because somebody is getting a job today. Somebody is confirmed pregnant today. Somebody's monitor destiny is set you tonight. Because your father is the one that sets the solitries in families. He can't be the one that sets it and then you lock it. For he's set it the solitry in families and bring it out there which are by which age. No, you know. You know. Good morning now. I'm the one in charge. You can lock what your father produces. Before I formed in the womb, I knew this. He's the one that forms babies. Amen, not spout. He's the one that forms babies. Every man knows spout when he goes born. God is the one that forms babies. No, I'm not going to listen to you. Let me hear your Lord as a man. You're not going to listen to me. You're breaking through in life. He's released. You're spinning to a life. He's rescued from the hands of the enemy. Thank you Lord. Can you profess your faith? He said, who calleth those things that be not as though they were? Romans 4, 17. He said, we'll quicken at the dead. And calleth those things. God, quicken at the dead. And we are created in this image. Whatever we call in faith must answer. Now express your faith in the things we have called. My miracle job is settled. My breakthrough in business is settled. My healing, health, and wholeness is settled. Come and profess it. profess it. profess it. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Whatever you have called by faith tonight, has answered you in testimony. Now let's see whether you truly believe in what you have called. Because he did this. He got the promise of God from Believer, was strong and faith, giving glory to God. We are going to dance a bit tonight. You want to dance? You want to celebrate the deliveries of what you have called. Everything you have called is following your home. Everything you have called is following your home. Your phone is in your car. Somebody has sent a man into it right now. In the name of Jesus. Praise God, brethren. Believe this message from our Father in the faith, be sure to David or Yerebo, has really blessed and empowered you. If it has done so, don't forget to leave a thumbs up for this video. And if you have caught anything from the message, please you can share it on the comment section. remain ever blessed.