And my preparation for this event, the Lord just opened me all to this mystery. The church has suddenly become so beggarly because we lack a revelation of our spiritual authority. Kings don't beg in their domain. We have redeemed our peace and kings to reign on the earth, how we become beggars? Psalm 115 from verse 16, heaven is actual. The heaven, even the heaven are the laws, but the earth is given to the children of men. Revelation 510, he has redeemed us of our God as priests and kings and we shall reign on the earth. Now go to verse 9, they sang a new song saying that was to take the book and to open it, to open the city at all, for that was slain and has redeemed us of our God by the blood out of every country and tongue and people and nations. No ratio of discrimination and as it dimmed us onto our God as priests and kings and we shall reign on the earth. So this is I'm thinking here is captioned, unveiling the resurrection root of our spiritual authority. It will change your life forever unveiling the resurrection root of our spiritual authority. Ephesians 1, 17, all the way to 23, Paul was praying that the Lord, the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto us the spiritual wisdom and revelation and knowledge of him, that the earth of our Son has been enlightened that we may know what is the hope of his calling and what the reaches of the glory of his inheritance in the sense. And what is the exceeding grace of his power to us world who believe according to the working of his mighty power which he wrote in Christ when he risen from the dead and sat him at his own right hand in the heavenly places far above all principalities and power and might and dominion on every name that is named not only in this world but also in that which is the call. And as put more things on their speech and given to be ahead to be the head over all things told the Church over all things which is his body the fullness of him that fillet all that is the root of our spiritual authority. Ephesians 2, 6, in rest us off together with them and made us together with them in heavenly places and located far above all the forces to maintain lives all the forces of present destinies all the forces of sickness, disease and death above all and every name, every name, my God. That is the very source of our spiritual authority. That was the secret of the Third World War. Every time they risen from the dead, Jesus Christ whom you crucified, whom God is from the dead. Now that was the secret behind their authority. You find in Ask Chapter 2, Ask Chapter 3, Ask Chapter 4, Ask Chapter 5. That was the secret, Ask Chapter 38. They worked, they always worked spiritually bored when they come to eat resting from the dead where eyewitnesses. He listened only then. That is the secret of our spiritual authority. We need a revelation of what resurrection has done to confer authority on the same. It was when it rose from the dead that the demons are free and kings to reign on the earth. Did you have many prayers to not be answered? That prayers are not answered on the vaguely platform. Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace and we obtain grace and find grace to have any time of need. It is not what we say that in general this is the supernatural. But what to speak boldly? What to speak with authority? What to speak with authority with a revelation? The authority that we have in Christ. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Our spiritual authority is no beside any resurrection. We just position those to exercise dominion. But most believers are ignorant of these. Concerning Jesus, it was teaching us one having authority, Matthew 7, 20th and 29. It was teaching us one having authority that was punished at his doctrine for he taught them as one having authority and not as describes. We need this spiritual authority consciousness to overcome this vaguely siege and let us come upon the church. He was commanding it was spiritual get out with authority. Look for 30th and 27th with authority. And while all are made and spread among them says what the word is this, that with authority and power a commanded young clean spirit and they came out with authority and power the most video authority consciousness for what declarations to be done to manifestations. This is not about speech. No. But the board spirit is not about face. But the board spirit is not about face. Every child of God is ordained to exercise dominion over all situations and circumstances of life. The father joined us, no man, Jesus said, but he was commanded, all George, Matthew, the son. And the son said that my father said, Jesus, and I knew. So we have authority to determine the happiness under our circumstances. For this reason, we must start praying as one having authority. We must start speaking as one having authority. We must start thinking as one having authority. Let this mind be in you which also was in Christ Jesus. Philippians 2, 3, 2, 1, 11. We must start the case steps as one having authority. Go forward, do not see in front. How? I have this authority. It said to me, go forward, I'm going. And this is what they reflect. Jesus is called the root of David. Congratulations, chapter 5, verse 4. The revelation 4, please, verse 1 beginning. And after this I looked, I behold a door was opened in heaven. And the first verse which I heard was as if we were of a trumpet. Talking with me and said, come up either and I will show you the thing I will go tomorrow. Verse 2, and immediately I was in the spirit, behold the throne was set in heaven and one that sat on the throne. And either sat was to look upon like Jasper and Sergeant stones and their work. Rainbow ran about the throne inside like onto emerald. And after the throne proceeded lightness and thunders and voices and there were seven lumps of fire born in before the throne which are the seven spirits of gold. And before the throne there was a sea of glass like onto Christa and the mist of the throne. And after the throne were four beasts full of ice before and behind. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. And I went much, that's where we're going. Revelation 5.4 because there was no man found worthy to open the book, to open and to read the book, neither to look upon it. One of the other sat on to me, with no, behold the Lion of the Travel Judah, the root of David has prevailed to open the book and to lose the seven seasons. The root of David. Now if you check Revelation 3, 7 and 8, we saw this Jesus, this tenaciyat, that is holy, either has the cure, divi, either open it and no man shot it, come as the authority, and shot it and no man open it. Now verse 8, I know that works. I've said before the an open door and no man can shot it. For that has brought a little strength, but I'll skip my word and that's not the name, my name. I've said before we are an open door, no man can shot it. I have the cure of David. So our authority has its root in Christ, the root of David, the root of David. This was came after he rose from the dead. This was a revelation shown to John after Jesus rose from the dead. I am half a, I'm a mega, I'm the beginning, I'm the ending. He was revealing himself to John. So the root of a spiritual authority is the resurrected Christ. That's where our strength is. That's where our strength is. Resurrection is the root of our faith. And it's by faith we exercise authority. Through faith they subdued kingdoms. They wrote righteousness. They stopped the amount of lions. They're quite the funnest of fire. But in Fox, Corinthians 15, verse 12 to 17, let's watch. Now, if Christ be pre-dirty, rose from the dead, how says some among you that they are just no resurrection of the dead? Now, but if there be no resurrection of the dead, then it's Christ not risen. And if Christ be no risen, then it's a preaching vein and your faith is also vain. Yeah, and we have found false witnesses of God because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ who he raised not all. If it be that the dead be no risen. For if the dead Christ not, then Christ is, then it's not Christ risen. And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain. You are yet in your sins. So our faith draws a strength from the resurrected Christ. If Christ is not risen, our faith is vain. And it's by faith we exercise spiritual authority. So we are helpless. So our faith is drawn from the resurrected Christ for delivery. Otherwise, cannot produce. I like to go from here this night because I'm born again. I'm raised together with Christ. And I'm sitting together with Christ in heavenly places far above all of life situations and exercise things. I have this authority to take command. I have this authority to be control. I have this authority to determine the events. Come on, can I help you say amen? But we must remain connected to that root. If you must consider partake of the root and the fatness of the olive, we must remain connected to that root. Romans 11, 17, and 18. And if somebody branches be broken off and down, then they wipe only what grafted in among them and with them partake of the root and the fatness of the olive, be both not against the branches. But if they're both, they are not the root, but the root D. Stay connected to the root. I will remain a partake of the root and the fatness of the olive. Stay connected. It will be flowing naturally. Be aware, be conscious of your authority in the resurrected Christ. I will be in command. I will be in command. It's your turn. It's your turn. Like we all know, the destiny of every tree and post on its foot. By their foot, we shall know their roots. Matthew 7, 16. The future of every tree is determined by the root. And he corrupt, he cannot bring any corrupt fruit. Matthew 7, 19. The fruitfulness of any tree is drawn from the root. From scripture and universe are described as trees across several scriptures. We are called Tree of Righteousness in Exile City 1, verse 3. We are referring to, refer to as a vine tree in Exile Chapter 5, verse 1 to 13. 18 of Life Revenition 22, verse 3. And it's here without the root is dead. And fat, 18 without the root does not exist, except and artificial tree. So as a tree of life, we must anchor our faith on the resurrected Christ. To the many command. They were so hard on the resurrection of power of Christ that the people said, look, they want to bring the blood of this man upon us. At 5, 28 and 38 towards 2, that is the greatest threat of the economic darkness. Encoring your understanding and faith on the resurrection of Christ, it can undo it. By the power of resurrection, they took over the whole of Jerusalem in no time. I see you taking over. I see you are taking over. In your various spaces you are taking over. I see you are taking over. And starting from now. Because your graves are open. I say your graves are open. Your times of obscurity are over. You are taking over. You are taking over. You are taking over. You are taking over. You are taking over. Now please note. The spiritual authority begins with a valid new bad experience. Valid new bad experience. Not cosmetic new bad. Not association kind of new bad. Not church membership new bad. But consciously, opening the door of your heart to Jesus, ask him to forgive your sins and to cleanse you from all your righteousness. That's where the journey begins. I was 25 when I saw my authority in this resurrection. I am by the grace of an association that over the years, it has never failed once. You can't empower the dead. It has the son of life. The son of God has life. It has not the son of God has not life. You can't be in darkness and the existence of the thought of your bad darkness. But when we are saved, we are delivered from the past. But when we are saved, we are delivered from the past. But the kingdom of darkness, the kingdom of his own, the asam. Tonight, wherever you are across the globe, you know you are not one again. I like to tell you something. Things are rough, but they will get rough. By the prophets, it shows that things will get rough. And it's not the one corner, it's global. They may not tell you what it is. But every single nation is going through some stretch. But the Bible says, they ask you a book like a novel. So it's coming. But upon them, the fear my name, I'll make a difference. So it's time to take cover and salvation. I'll show you a way to escape if you neglect so great salvation. It's not enough to say you are saved. We are bringing forth fruits, one deal of repentance. Salvation must go no new life. Otherwise, slowly. If anyone being crazy, new creature, all things are past, all things are coming new. Otherwise, it's not real. Otherwise, it's not real. Otherwise, it's not real. I'm going to go into an invitation tonight for people here, both on ground and round across the various nations. You want to surrender your life to Christ and begin to assess the root of your spiritual authority. I'll pray with you. I will experience the change. A change in your life that we're talking about for life. A change in your life that we're talking about for life. The veil will be torn. You gain unimpeded access to the treasures behind the veil. You gain access to the temples of the Covenant. I mean, life will keep favoring you on our side. This is the truth and nothing but the truth. Tonight you want to surrender your life to Christ. Please stand to your feet wherever you may be. I'm praying for you right there where you are. Praise God. All you want to dedicate your life to Jesus tonight, you want to say a comeback. You are once there, but perhaps at the point I was disconnect. You want to disconnect, but you have no father. Stand to your feet also. Stand to your feet also. Stand to your feet also. The drabosh I live again. Stand to your feet. Thank you, Jesus. Please. All across the globe at this time, those who are standing for it of the two cause, please bow your heads for prayers. Apart from here, at the face of the temple, not the face of the face of the face, face to the front, front, the past is awaited, or the face of the center, you starting off for this call. Please, I'll put you out there and then we're going to pray together in the moment. Amen. New birth is no ideologies and experience. We are experiencing that tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. Now, for all of us who are here, who are standing up for this prayer, and who's around the world, please bow your heads right now. I leave from your right hand to heaven. I'm praying this simple prayer of faith after me. Everybody, see after me, Lord Jesus, save my soul. Forgive me, all my sins. Wash me with your blood. I believe you died for me. On the third day, you rose again. Tonight, I accept you as my Lord, I'm my Savior, and I believe my sins are now forgiven. I'm justified by your blood. I'm saved. I'm born again. I'm restored back to the face. I'm not a child of God. Thank you, Jesus, for saving my soul. Amen. Keep your hands up. Be blessed of the Lord in the name of Jesus. I cover the prayer with the blood of Jesus. They may cover the gains, any further assault of the enemy in the name of Jesus Christ. So shall it be in Jesus name. Congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. Praise the Lord, President. In your hand, God has blessed in your hand, the power keys to make proofs of your Christianity life here on us. I believe with these things that Papa has put in your hand, your life will be full of miracles, testimonies, and pray to and approve that Jesus Christ, the King, is risen and is working in your life. If you have not subscribed to this YouTube channel, please do so and remain ever.