We continue in our teaching series and we're now in part three. Sabing goal and the enters of the kingdom. Pace the unmatchable. Pace the unmatchable. There are treasures in the world, the Bible, with the capacity to set anyone above all nationals of the earth. This from May 28th and verse 1. If you will, we have continued into the voice of the Lord your God and observe to do all this commandment which I commanded this day. That the Lord will go with setting you on high above all nationals of the earth. There are treasures in the world which capacity to set anyone above all nationals of the earth. When discovered and engaged with. When discovered and engaged with. I can still remember very clearly in the year 1984. Our church was under 40. When God appeared to me from the scriptures. God appeared to people from scriptures. For Samuel 3, 21. He said the Lord appeared again unto Samuel as Shilu. The Lord appeared on Samuel as Shilu by the world of the Lord. It appears to people today many here are witnesses. How God appeared to them through the world. The Lord said to me from the scripture, my son David, there is a place for you on top if you are interested. Lord, I am interested. He says, then whatever I tell you to do, do it. Don't have to beg me. It's not with me, it's okay prayer. Whatever I tell you to do, do it. You are on your way to the topmost top. Whatever I tell you to do, do it. We have enough treasures in the world that can take any ordinary person to the topmost top in the list of life. And you already want God is talking to. What is breakthrough? Above all nations of the earth? Ah, that's something else. But the greatest commandment in all of scriptures is loving God with all of one's heart, soul and strength. Mark 12, Vastati and 31. The Lord shall love the Lord and go with all their heart, with all their soul and with all their mind and with all their strength. This is the first commandment. And the second is like, namely, the Lord shall love their lips as they serve. There is none other commandment greater than this. Love God, love your neighbor and you are lost. What the commandment? What the commandment? So it said, love is the fulfilling of the Lord. The launches us into the blessedness of the 2020s on bus 1 to 14. All of those blessings is for free in one. Now shall love the Lord and go with all their heart, with all their soul, with all their strength. Love is the fulfilling of the Lord. You are in love, you are fulfilled, order the Lord demands. When the love of God takes His sway and takes the centrist's state of a mass life, His tone, to a living wonder, a peace setter, a pathfinder, a tree blazer, for eyes of no sin, no yes or false cognitans, it doesn't pass through the mind or heart of any man, or God doesn't stop for them that love Him, that love Him. The ahead of the generations. There are five beyond what age they live in, eyes of no sin, yes or no heart, what God doesn't talk for them that love Him. Because it adues a Lord, dues a God and God an Him for John 416. And as we grow in love, we are filled with all the fullness of God. Who does new things every day? So, these individuals are news makers, news makers, by new things happening in their life, time and over. This is what makes to worship through food. Do I have power with all my good to feed the poor? And I want my body to be born by way of sacrifice and of no charity, it profits me nothing. The love of God as the motivation in us to worship is what makes it fruitful, fruitful, supernaturally fruitful. Love driven stewardship, love motivated stewardship, love rooted stewardship. I'm not serving God for what He does, for who is? I'm my affection for Him. That's why I'm serving with all these odds. Though I offer my body to be born, if it's to make money, you're wasting time. But because I love Him, the greatest question that gives life real meaning, do you love me? That's the greatest question that gives life the utmost meaning, love is downing. Do you love me? Big question. He has the three times. Do I really love him or I just love what he does? Do I really love him? Please answer that question within you. Do I really love Jesus? Lord, see that I don't leave this village where I met it. It's an expression of love. I can't leave village like this. Not out of your name in this place. Can you do it? What's your problem? No, love is my problem. Sir, you can't be in love and be lost. You'll be found. I have found David my lover. He was in the forest, but I found him. You can't be truly in love and be lost. Come on now. You can't be in love and be lost in the radar. No. For the eyes of the Lord, turn to our friend, Lord, to show himself strong. The help of them who has a perfect towards it. Second Chronicles 169. It's not the city where you live. It's where your heart is. The ability is not from the map of the tunnel. It's up to the W's not from the map. I was 19 years old. The W's not from the map now. It's not that way in White House or Green House. It's hard for gold. It's all it takes to give anyone's life the utmost meaning. Every two lovers imagine more than the conquerors. No, this is more than the conquerors. What's the principle of love for goodness and Christ Jesus? We are more than conquerors. Praise God. Romans chapter 8 and 35 to 39. So talking about breakthrough, love is the mystery. The love of God is the mystery behind access to a world of unlimited breakthroughs. Eyes of no sin. Eyes of no heart. Doesn't have to really mind. We'll go that's in store for them to love them. Love is a choice. Love is not a gift. Love is not a calling. Love is a choice. I love you. More than anything. I love you. More than anyone. I love you. Love that gives my life to you. So I love him more than I love myself. And he knows. The devil also knows. And he keeps showing his. That is true. I love him more than I love my wife. I have only one. I love him more than I love my children. It's the Lord. God's fest. Everything lies behind. You can't make God's fest and be lost. Am I lost in ministry? Am I kicking down? No. Stop that, my friend. Your skill is limited. Your service is limited. There's no way your skill can take you to where we take you. It is a lasting arm. When it picks you from any end, it shows you off. It is a lasting height. Please love him. Choose to love him. It's the wisest choice to make. Choose to love him. Choose to love him. I was before the Lord and I said, God, why is brick too so far face from so many people? They are following me for brick to know for me. Follow them. They are teaching the world of God. Watch the results they get. If you like the result, follow the steps. He will be starting them myself. There is nothing I thought that does not work. Do I have face? I can move on. I have no love. Face won't deliver beyond your love. Face works by love. Your face will only deliver to the limit of your love for God. Galatians 5.6. Face which work at by love. Giving works by love. Still watching works by love. Everything that works at the end of works by love. Please choose to love him. Choose to love him. Stop counting experience. Do you love me? You think you does love Jesus? It was communicative with you every day. Every day. Proximity ex-oughtnery. Can you say somebody that you love? Love believes often. Do not believe anything. Tomas didn't believe anything. And it was in that field. They live in the same dormitory. It's a choice to make. Every child of God asked the fruit of the space of love inside them. If he chooses to. Your days of struggles are over. And they are over forever. They are over forever. Now watch. Quite a number of people keep going well for them for a season. And suddenly boom. You think God changed. No, they changed. And Solomon loved the Lord. And God just toned things as I've not seen. But yes, to happen in his life. And then in switch over. And Solomon loved many strange women. I think when I want. And that won't for life. Because it never decovaled himself. They tore this heart away from the Lord. And Solomon's abundance became lack. Peace became trouble. Please love him. And believe God to sustain your love for him. Believe God to sustain your love for him. It's decay to everything you're looking for. So you can't assess more revelation than you love him. It is your love and my love for him that determines how much you can confide in us. Of the secrets of the kingdom. I call you no more servants but friends. If someone doesn't know what his master does, I've called you friends. Because all that I've heard of my father, I've made no known to you. So when you are in love, you get access to all rams of revelation. So it's not enough to be in love. I was on the campus. I was on fire for Jesus. I was on a good street. Are you now on ice for Jesus? Ice cold. Are you still on fire for Jesus? In fact, I was the leader in our fellowship. Wonderful history. After you have made your choice, it can now empower you to stay in love. It drives on your choice. Your choice, first, the spirit of love when you demand for it and graces to sustain your love for God. I have preached my first message, 1970. I suddenly seem to be saved since that happened. But it's great. I'm still on my feet. And that's all point to every believer who cares to stay in love. So it's not enough to be in love. It's important to stay in love. For you to keep enjoying sweatless and stress-free order of breakthroughs in life. It's your turn. It's your turn. Now, every true lover serves the interest of the one he loves. David, a man after my heart. I found David my servant, a heart for God. And enables you, or empowers you, to serve him. Serving the interest of the one you love is natural. It's natural. You can serve him without loving him. You can serve him what you want. But what you are looking for, what you are lost in after. I need this position in my company, the name of Jesus. I bind everybody. You can serve him without loving him. Abraham, my friend, and I remember coming up with a servant, Abraham. You can't be his friend, and no be his servant. I can as well stop here. This is the mystery behind my simple, mysterious life. I just love Jesus with all my pain. With everything inside me. By choice and by supply of his grace. Choice first. Your choice first. Your choice first. There is nothing I am by grace, or half by grace. They cannot demand for. Without a second thought. I have never lost out. I have come to you this morning as a prophet. I am not a teacher this morning. I am trying to show you the way to what I am looking for. Have I ever pray for a car? No. We are playing for water. What do I do with this? I have got your place and introduced me, and I won't go there again. This is not so much. I am not the one you are talking about. Just love him. Live him to take you wherever he wants. It's not been a dummy. It's the key to your dominion. Just love him. Make that choice today, and then you have your breakthrough. Make that choice from the depth of your heart today. Then we are all. Can I help you see with me? One cannot love gold, and no seven. We delight. One may suffer gold without loving him, but one cannot love gold without suffering him. One may suffer gold for what he wants, and from gold. Well, you cannot love him without suffering him. Give the Lord a big hand of praise. For everyone that chose to love gold with all his heart, with all his soul, with all his mind, with all his strength, by this are not intended today. The spirit of love will come upon your life, and keep you panting after gold all your days. Another big hand for Jesus. Platforms for Kingdom, Advent, and Stewardship, as I am examining it, includes Kingdom, Advancement, Prayers. Now, we have outreach. This last two Saturday, you are not out by whatever reasons and terms of your job schedule, your mobility. Any body that can eat, can pray. If you love gold, then pray that everyone out this week, most of the time we have it. Go before your army today, and do what I've never done before. Grant every soul without today utterance, that will be conviction. Think about compassion. God who sees your labor in secret will reward you openly. And get the platform faster than prayer, to seek your salvation of the Kingdom. A mark of Matthew chapter 6 was 6. God who sees your prayer in secret will reward you openly. And this is how to pray. Father, what's in heaven? I'll look at that name. That came down, called Matthew 6, 910. That we don't know now. What is this will? It wants all men to be saved. Come and join the church of the truth. It wants them saved and brought to church, for recovery. It gains going back to the sea of sin. But 718, when you fast, praying the same prayer, that Kingdom come. God who sees your prayer and fast in secret will reward you openly. Number two, platform. For Kingdom of hundreds and divas, it's targetting your friends through the testimonies of the Lord, both in your life and from the church. A friend is someone who confides in you. Somebody who's close to you, even ask himself from you. What an opportunity. Mark 519, go home and tell their friends what great things God has done for you. So, use the remedies of this month to target your friends. Believe God for wisdom of approach. They want to them off. And corner them in truth to the Kingdom. My friend, if I don't tell you this, I will not be a friend indeed. Something is changing my life at some point. Jesus, what about that change? I just stepped into the realm of peace and joy, the kind. I never knew possible before. I know that every time around you are charming, you have to look at somebody and say, you have joy. I used to be sickly. Jesus stepped in and changed my story. I used to live in fear. He created the fear of my life. Because life will never be afraid of darkness. The darkness that fears light. I like it to please understand this. The world is weakening. The wickedness of darkness. Or just the light of the world. Okay, if you see it's getting a bit agitated, we talk about that a little. Talk about it a little. Amen? You hit me in the second. A Fisherman must be wise. You can get anyone close to you to Jesus with ease. Let your love for God be your driving force. All these things are temporary. So your friends are your responsibility for salvation. Your acquaintances are your responsibilities for salvation. Take that responsibility today. In love. In love. In love. In love. For it, the winner shows his wife. And the wife shall inherit glory. Can I hear your amen? There's an announcement made today. Life testimonies are more touchy than written testimonies. Shall your testimonies go only? Some have never touched testimonies, so they don't have any more. They have never, everything looks more to them. Everything looks more to them. I was testifying that I can be amazing Jesus. It blessed with a thousand and ninety every week. What an awesome God, my God. This God, I know that one, I know this. So, eighty-six, I give testimony of a blessing of this one, bread and error, that, my God, God. Some have sinned ten thousand after no sin in error. For six months, they can't testify. I can't say I saw ten thousand. People are talking about one billion. Now, there's no way I've gone too many times. This one, I didn't hear that Jesus delivered me from tuberculosis. Everything, everybody in this area, this environment. If you are ashamed of me, I know my world, I'll be ashamed of you. Shall your testimony, my friend? Not that online, online for what? When you're on ground. Shall your testimony, praise God. I thought we'd call you one and it'll call you one. This is what I'm most ashamed of today. Can I hear your amen? Yes. You push since you saw me. I'm most ashamed of today. I said, you don't deliver me from death. You say, you'll call me. I call myself. Can I hear your amen? You'll never hear me share a message without your testimony. You know what God is doing in my life? What God did in somebody's life? Be testimony fired. You know what happens? It multiplies. It's preserved and it's perfected. So in 119 verse 46, I will also speak of that testimony before King and we'll not be ashamed of Christ. How many have what I said? Amen. There are many skeptics in the world. When we did the menorca, they did it. Come and share your testimony. It will stick. Thank you, Jesus. For your stewardship of my soul, to be acceptable, we must have gone unashamedly, unashamedly. What they say or what they don't say, don't bother you. I'm not ashamed of God of Christ. The power of God to serve is to everyone that believes. Romans 1.16. We must have gone sacrificially. The author of sacrifice, the author of Superlator Actonara. Go beyond your best. In your law for God. To fulfill His purpose. Can I hear you, amen? When the Lord turned up to you and said, you are like them that do you? I tap on the author of sacrifice. Either a great foot or a whip it. Or a barely precious seed. Shout out, let's come again with the joys of them. And in the shoes with them. Can I hear you, amen? Amen. It was on the author of sacrifice, that Abraham secured the generations after him. By a myself as soon as that place and I will bless you. And in that seat, shout out the families of the art. It blessed. And it's happening today. That happened on the author of sacrifice. When you receive grace, to go beyond your best. Into the realm of sacrifice. And serving your God by the name of your law for Him. Let me hear your loudness, amen. I'm under the tones for serving God. The capital of the tone is divine presence. Say it with me, divine presence. Nothing compares in value with that. If God be for us, who can be against us. When you are on the go for Jesus alone, with you always, even to the end of the age. Always. The Lord was walking with them. Confirm in the world with signs following. Mark 16, verse 20. As with walks. Divine presence is the capital of the tone from serving God. It's also the platform for the rise of giants. Leader of the ways, shall shine as the brightness of the family. Daniel 123. Leader of the tone, many to righteousness, as this task forever and ever. It's the platform for the rise of giants. Number 3. Secures are good old age. I've been saying it before. Now listen to this. Before Jesus returns, see three threes. We'll be having men and women in their hundreds at their hundred of age. In this church. I guess that's why God is putting all those elevators in the ark. Amen? We don't need to step anything. We just move on. And there are lifts for you to walk in and then go up to where you're going. To any floor. You know, God always sees ahead of us. He sees ahead of us. In the entire world, there is no facility on the heaven. There are such levels of mechanical means of growth. There's no sort. At no depth. At no bank overdraft. At no, we're going to pay you tomorrow. You know what? They are all arrived. They are all arrived. Now that they are deployed, they are clearing them. They are all arrived. Because someday you'll be one hundred ten. Amen. Amen. Amen. This guy with his head caught or something. We don't count one hundred ten. Praise God. There are a thousand toilets there that provide access for you within five minutes to go and come back to your seat. It's looking after you. Because of what he has in mind. You will testify. You will testify. Some fellows to come on beyond said to their tango that one and ten. I was in that service. How many would do that here? Come and give the Lord a big hand of praise. There is nothing you are not aware of a name that is not in being in love with God. Everything is in sight. Everything. Thank you Jesus. Sorry and I can't pass the number. Sorry, thank you Jesus. No, my back is clean. But it is likely that I call it night that is a problem. Maybe some of the students are not there either. And how will life be seen? Are there any students or teachers who are in contact with God? in love with God. Does the anchor, does the anchor, that launches you and me to the realm of things that I have not seen no years had? Does the anchor of the covenant or breakthrough stay in love with God? Don't let the chaos of this world and exhibit the obliques. Choke your work with God. Yeah, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming. Don't watch your life dry or poor. Very few saw send a breakthrough for long. Very few. Somehow such a global breakthrough where I couldn't sustain it. Do you know for the kings in Israel only Solomon had no councilor? Solomon had no councilor. Stagnan what are things? Solomon had no councilor. Otherwise, after the first ten wives, when they talked to him, nobody talked to Solomon. There was no prophet that appeared to Solomon. He was too much. Who is that one? Prophet. And the wife says, God gave me the wisdom. That prophet. Who is it? No body spoke to Solomon's life. The legust. For a month to wait, I'm married seven hundred wives. It won't be possessed. With all the demons from here. All the demons in there, all the demons of Central Papyrus invented his life. Nobody could say the story. Nobody has access to him. So you are not always. Nobody is always. Nobody is always. I'm still learning. David is for the heart. Two principal counsellors. It was counsellors who obeyed them out of being killed by ups and downs. They counsellor my friend. From right people. From right sources. Concert that he made from scriptures. Will endure. You will. You will. Thank you, Jesus. How the West's man became the dumbest dummy. Everything is vanity. Everything is vanity. Everything is vanity. Everything is vanity. Everything is vanity. There is no difference between wisdom and foolishness. They all die at the same time. And they are forgotten. Any God who is happy is good. So I'm good to serve the strength of my wife. It all became a dummy overnight. And war came on. I'm the greatest. I'm the greatest. I'm the greatest. I'm the greatest. I'm the greatest. You will get there. May you be open to the cancer of the Lord. At all times. Way where are your love for God's stops? It won't bow. It's covenant to anybody. My covenant will end or break. All that doesn't go for the heart of my lips. Those who despise biblical covenant usually end up as more crease. Forget it, I go. They clapped in love with a wife and then soon they are lost in the radar. Lost. You see, the way the business is expanding, going to torture me, and it's quite going to be an aberration. To tie back my shadow. But my wife is there anyway. My wife and my children are there. I'm befalling God. When this is my kind of breakthrough, it doesn't work. It doesn't work first. I've seen some biblical breakthrough. Is it true? Abyss and breakthrough. It's so hard for God at the time is your work with Him. It's not breakthrough. You don't have a heart in the first instance. Your heart did before you got the breakthrough. You have lost it in the process. You won't lose it. God's before we go into a struggle without a revelation of the covenant that secures the exchange of story. You won't suffer struggles. My people are going into captivity because they have no knowledge. We're under seven covenant towns for so far into our breakthrough. Be born again. We saw Peter willingly gave his boat led Jesus into his boat and I became the tiger for his white shadow breakthrough. Look five, one, two, three. He was knocking out your door, allowing me into your boat, and let me change your story. Break through begins with new bath. Break through begins with what? Break through begins with what? Break through begins with what? Not new bath identity. New bath experience. New bath experience. Are you born again? No, I'm a winner. Let me say, are you born again? Are you born again? Revelation of 320. It starts at the dawn. No, you open to me. I'll come in. Without Jesus in your boat, these tombs of life are waiting. You won't be drowned. Two, be committed to serving God and in the middle of the kingdom. Those are Peter. We're dead on Christ. Till he was done with preaching. Look five, three, two, four. Be committed to serving God and in the middle of the kingdom. Those are Peter, we're dead on Christ. Till he was done with preaching. Three, be committed to obeying the destruction of Christos with delight. Just as Peter obeyed the instruction to let, then it's let. We should start at the net breaking and boat sinking order of breakthrough. Enjoy instructions. That is your life. Let what God commands, have your hood on your life. Let what God commands, have your hood on your life. Cast down your net into the deep way drought and then the net began to break and the two boats began to sink. That to be your experience from now. We took those breakthrough pillars from Peter's experience with Christ in Luke chapter five and verse one to five. Now number four, be diligent. Because only hard workers become high flyers. Be diligent, be diligent. There is no place for the I do in the kingdom. Be not slot-fume business. My God, be diligent, be diligent. I have my business. That's why we are sleeping to twelve noon. Say as the mother's religion is business, it shall stand before kings. It shall not stand before me, man. Proverbs 22 and verse 29. Be accountable, my friend. At the beginning of this Wednesday, we had the global structure. Global structure. We are executive counsel, my God. Be diligent. Be faithful because only the faithful can be fruitful. Don't cut corners. Abraham, your father said, I will not take a lecture from you. Less you see you make Abraham reach. Don't go the way of the world and suffer what they suffer. Don't play games. Don't play pranks. A faithful man shall abandon with blessings where they make him hate to be rich and not be innocent. Proverbs 20 and verse 20. On faithfulness today, we show tomorrow, in failure. God forbid. Number six, be committed to the covenant of seed time and harvest as a lifestyle. Because no one lacks what he gives. People only lack what they keep. No one lacks what he gives. People only lack what they give. The librasal shall be made fast. In the water that shall be watered unto them. The secret of Job's rise in business was his given life. It was eyes to the blind. It was free to the lame. Man, he plugged out the helpless out of the mud of the ones who want to devote them. It was all out. Disributing grace with discretion. Can I hear your amen? And it became the greatest man in all of the East. We are blessed primarily to be a blessing. Instantly blessing, the blessing stops. Be committed to the covenant of seed time and harvest as a lifestyle. And finally, be committed to a lifestyle of times given and everything. Do what? Do what? Give time. Efficiency of 520. For everything, every bridge you see, give time. And everything, when bridge is on its way coming, give time. And everything. So as to preserve the blessings. Multiply the blessings and perform the blessings. That's the reason why. Thank you, Jesus. But today's anointing, believe God for grace to stay in love. Believe God for grace to stay in active service as the proof of your love. Believe God to keep the town and the covenant of bridge rules. By this anointing, like Isaiah chapter 45, God will go before you. And we'll make the cookie pass straight. Things will be turning at the rate beyond your imagination. It said in Isaiah 45 verse 1, don't say the Lord, do this anointing. Do side roads, use right and avoid it. Do some dune nations before him. And I will lose the learns of kings and no point for him, the two leave gates. And the gates shall not be short. I will go before him and make the cookie pass straight. I will break in pieces the gates of brass. I'll call them son of the bus of fire. I will also give the treasures of darkness. And he reaches off the graces. That thou mayst know that I had the Lord, which called thee by thy name. I'm the God of Israel. That's what the anointing told us. It cleansed the barriers of your path. To the every barrier of your path between you and God, shall be cleared off. And you find yourself swanning instead of struggling. You are scaling new heights. No one among us shall drop. You won't tell the story of when you used to have breakthroughs in your life. It shall be sustained to the end. Little of your right hand and give your hands, please. Give God thanks. Give him thanks. Give him glory. Give him praise. Thank you Jesus. And Jesus precious name. Now how many want to see Jesus coming to their boat this morning? You know, it's not there yet. You want Jesus coming to my boat, Jesus. I want a new beginning. I can't stand these terms of life without you in my boat. Come into my boat this morning, Jesus. Come and see my soul. You want to give your life to Christ this morning. You want your sins forgiven this morning. Please stand to your feet. Stand to your feet. God bless you. And God bless you. Stand to your feet. God bless you. Many more standing up wherever you are. Stand to your feet. It's your turn for the change of story. Stand to your feet. Stand to your feet. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Secondly, you are here. You used to be there, but you are no longer there. You want to dedicate your life to Christ. Please stand to your feet. This morning, you want to dedicate your life to Christ. Stand to your feet. One leg out. One leg out. Don't help you. I don't mind that Jesus was still with all this waste. Let him know something. He shall receive anything from God. Jesus, I'm bringing my life to you this morning. Stand to your feet. I'm bringing my life to you this morning. Stand to your feet. I'm bringing my life to you this morning. Stand to your feet. I'm bringing my life to you this morning. Stand to your feet. Amen. Now, everybody standing both for the first and second call. Please bow your hands for prayers. Bow your hands for prayers. This is all right time to have them. I'm pretty simple pray after me, say after me, Lord Jesus, say to Lord Jesus, come into my boat, come into my heart, save my soul, forgive me my sins. I believe you die for me. On the thought of the heroes again, those sent me free from the struggles of life and make me an abacama. Today, I accept you as my Lord and my Savior. Thank you, Jesus, for saving my soul. Thank you, Jesus, for it's turning me back to the faith by your grace. I shall serve you all through the days of my life. Amen. Keep your hands up as I pray for them. I pray for these precious souls. Your grace has brought them into your kingdom. Let it seem great without them. I cover everyone of you with the blood of Jesus. Remain cover to the end of time. None of you will step back into darkness anymore. You will make it to heaven at the end of your journey. In Jesus' precious name.