You shall see the glory of God, so with me I must see the glory of God. So whatever looks like an obstacle, just look at it with this day, God, my God is turning you to a miracle this month and I am having my miracle this time. And I hear your human. Let me hear your loudest amen. We understand from scriptures that it's not just faith that empowers our access to his glory, but violent faith, come and say violent faith. You know, glory is in which? Is that the suffering of this present time which is but for a moment? It's not compatible to the weight of glory that is to be revealed. So if you want to see full weight glory, 2nd Corinthians 4, 17, full weight glory will require a special kind of faith and we call it violent faith. Violent faith, violent faith is your access to full weight glory, violent faith. For the kingdom of God, so are the violent and the violent takeer till by force. So how violent determines how much you can take? It's all there, but how violent you are determines how much of what is there you can take. The violent take it by force. And how violent you are with determines how much of your inheritance and what is packaged for you, you can't take. It's one thing for God to give you, it's another thing for you to be able to take it, it's a behold I have given you now begin to possess. So because to be contented with God gave you a charge, this land, right? And now announce, I will finish this building in one year, you know, take it or leave it. So it will take a degree of violent faith to take it one and now to take it for one year is a degree of higher violence, it's somebody I don't know what I'm saying. Now God has given you all things that makes for life and holiness, how many things? That means in reduction of permitted to lack anything, but to take everything, we need every vote for violence, every violence, to take everything, if the things you lack now are there, in every places, hang it, waiting for the required violence to drop. This week, everything is still hanged, that is needed and allotted you must drop. I told my son, I said when you remove violent faith from this ministry, it becomes empty. Our very chief cornerstone is violent faith. This church, this building, it's a product of violent faith, Covenant University, a product of what? Violence. All the witches that died last week, their produce or what? The one that we dare today, their produce for what? The glory to God. So get angry with anything unwanted in your life. What you don't want, you don't watch. What you don't confront to kind of conquer and what you don't resist has a right to remain. The good news is, by redemption, you possess violent chains in you because redemption makes you a seed of Abraham and redemption makes you a member of the tribe of Judah and Judah is the lion tribe of Israel. So you are lion geese in you. Now let me come quickly and say this because a number of us are new people in the faith. Every child of God is a seed of Abraham, Galatians 3, 26 to 29. If you be Christ, then you are Abraham seed and he has according to the promise. So we are Abraham's children. And because we are the bread drain of Jesus, it was not assumed to call us bread drain. Hebrews 2, 11 to 14 and Jesus is the lion of the tribe of Judah, Revelation 5, 5. That means we are Judah tribe folks and prophetically, Judah is a lion's web. Jesus is 49, 8 to 12. From the pre my son, you are gone up. He is tuned, he coached as an old lion who was a rauser. Discaped as an old apart from Judah. He would remain a child, he would command dominion. So Judah is a winning tribe, Judah is a reigning tribe, Judah is a ruling tribe. Discaped asha not depart from Judah, not the law giver from between our feet. Until she will with Jesus comes glory to God. So Judah will remain enthroned, Judah will be in power before Jesus comes. Can I hear your name? That's prophetic. While by the nature of a lion, and the lion is strongest among beasts and tonnets not away from any. There are three things that go where, Proverbs 30, 14 that are coming and going. Number one, the lion, which is strongest among beasts, Proverbs 30, 30 and 31, and tonnet not away from any. That means your lion nature is a qualifier for enthronement and dominion, conquest and breakthrough. Can I hear your name? You are saved as a sheep but you reign as a lion. There is no throne for the sheep, saved as a sheep but reign as a lion. That means the lion, James and you, is the only way to maximize your glorious destiny in Christ. You know you say an heir, different nothing from a servant, as long as he remains a child, Galatians 4, 1, 2 and 3 because it's under Governance and Titus, until the time appointed of the father, you know, on to us a child is born and on to us a son is given and the government shall be upon the shoulder of the son, not of the child, glory to God. So until your sonship, your enthronement is not in view. So there has to be sonship before enthronement, glory to God. So we began our series, Stianin, valent faith for supernatural breakthroughs. Stianin, valent faith for supernatural breakthroughs. So we are dealing with Part 1 C for the time that we have today. Praise the Lord. Stianin, valent faith for supernatural breakthroughs. It's established that you and I belong to the lion's tribe and so we have the lion, James, Zenoz, but this James must be steered up to manifest. This James must be steered up to manifest and according to that crypto in Genesis 49, 8 to 12, there's a special brand of wine that this tribe takes. To manifest the lion's James in them, he said his eyes shall be red with wine and his teeth white with milk. So there has to be that understanding that this lion's James must be steered by some special brands of wine. I was actually looking at that, says the first service today. Well, let's look at what exactly are we trying to steal and that is faith. We also know that every child of God has given us a measure of faith. What is it? And so everybody has a measure because you cannot even be saved without that measure. And when we are saved, that measure becomes a spiritual substance. So we have a measure of faith, enough. What is faith? There are many, many definitions of faith in the church here. We can define faith as an unstoppable force in the world of the Spirit. And whatever cannot stop the way against God, cannot stop the way against faith from accomplishing its mission. Faith is an unstoppable force in the world of the Spirit. Faith will always dominate situations when it steps in. Faith will always determine the end result in every contest. Faith will always have the final seed in every conflict. It's an unstoppable force. The red seed can't stop faith from having its way. The desert is not enough reason to go past it. Faith will generate water from the rock. No family on earth can stop faith from having its way. It's the Lord I feel, also I can't know, it's still any manner from heaven. Faith is an unstoppable force in the world of the Spirit. And take of it, above all holding the seed of faith, and you'll be able to quench, how many? Oh, the feraly darts of the devil. Feraly darts from witches, from wizards, from occultic folks, from native doctors. It's all the native doctors in the fedam, and all the other native doctors fled. They left them in the bush, groaning, till money. Because some fellows were praying inside. Nothing can stop faith from having its way. Glory to God. The saddest man has been dead for four days, he said, relax, if you believe you see the glory of God. And the taken Lazarus came back, the heart, the lungs, the intestines, the blood, the water, everything working. Whatever may have ceased working in your life, this is your season. When I set foot my hand, we shall turn it back, Lazarus for the three of us, now you see, and what is faith? Faith is a spiritual medium through which we provoke the hand of God. I will walk, and we shall let it, who believed our report, let him expect to see the hand of God stretched forth, Lazarus for the three of us, one. So God's hand is stretched forth by the command of faith, and when the stretch is forties on, who will turn it back? When it steps out to walk, who can let it? This is your day. Let me have you say, loud amen. Let me have you say, believe in amen. Thank you, Jesus. So what fed us is to provoke the revelation or the operation of the hand of God. And when it searches forties on, no one can turn it back. What are the characteristics of valent faith? Valent faith roars at intruders, roars, valent faith roars. Valent faith is not a gentle storm, it's a valent force. Valent faith roars. Can't say Lazarus, come out. Lazarus, come, fuck! Valent faith roars. If you don't know when to roar, you can't be mistaken for a hairy dog. You know, when was small, I was saying this special dog, very hairy, and because I've never seen a lion, so we thought it was a lion. He looks very much like a lion, he was following the man. I mean, lion, there's only the picture we saw, he said, if you don't roar, you can be mistaken for a hairy dog. This dog is very hairy, oh, and this dog is very hairy, a dog only backs, it's a lion that roars. A few hard is lion roar, time and again. A lion doesn't practice running, the lion in him roars. The lion in the lion is what roars, it's not the practice like the singers go for practice, they don't practice running. It's in the nature of the lion to roar, and they say the stranger shall hear, and they shall feed away from their high-day places. One of the characteristics of Valent faith is roarning, you roar at intruders, stop that, what? He said, what was going on, he flees, a lion roars, you know, by nature I don't talk, that's not true, when you're a lion roar, a lion naturally roars, you know, a sheep bleeds, and anything, he roars away, a lion does not roar, everything roars away from the lion, every assort us, that's running away from where you stand. Can I hear your loudest amen, can I hear your loudest amen, we are the testimony shared or right today, this son of Ibraham was coming from George to Delta and was in the boss and listening to a message of Shilu 2009, and then Amroba stopped them, he was even asleep so they had to talk to him that they are Amroba's operating here, and then the air something pulled out, and the thing was playing loud, and Amroba said, wait a minute, who is playing that music? After I got it, he said, he said, no, it's his message, he said, who is speaking there? He then he mentioned my name, he said, please, can I have the tape, we cannot operate here, please, let's go, let's go, cannot operate here. And when back home, he asked for his number, and called this number, I said, please, where can I get more of these tapes? He said, thank you for showing me the way. Now, I now ask him for his account number, that he wants to show appreciation to him. Are you following him, and then he told him, he said, salvation is free. And then arrested that robber, that devils walking him, the jams, he can't, he's always standing. He must have had a rupture. He said, what's happening here? Can I have the tape? So it means time to run. Say it like a rupture. Hey man, he said, I have had my peace for a long time, I have been still only friend myself, but now we like cry. As a travenous woman, I will roar and destroy and devour at once, as are for the two of us starting to 15. Now, so there is a now reaction that must come in for a change of situation. There must be a new reaction must come in for a change of position. Somebody is blessed. That looks like you let me hear your amen. We've been looking at two brands of wine that test the violent faith in us. The first one is the Holy Ghost wine. The Holy Ghost wine, we saw it in us of the apostles, the people said, more can say they are drunk. And Peter said, these are not drunk as he's supposed, but this is the Holy Ghost in manifestation. So the Holy Ghost manifests with an intoxicating effect that turns man violent. But to receive this wine, one of the things we do among others, now we test for it, we pray, and then we fast, but also very interestingly, you can sink your way to getting drunk. You can sink your way into drunkiness. For the apostles, one of the most annoyed men said, what more? First Corinthians 14, 15, I will pray with my understanding. I will pray with my spirit also. I will sing with my understanding, and I will sing with my spirit also, singing with your spirit, singing with your understanding, enhances your access to the wine of the Holy Ghosts. Can I hear your amen? Many of us most of the experienced doctors in our life, hallelujah, there are times to get into worshipping God that to fulfill the new wine, pouring, the new wine, pouring, the new wine, pouring, the new wine, pouring, you can sink your way into the new wine, you can sink your way into fresh, anointing. The Holy Ghost says, spiritual wine and intoxicates people to voluntarily take what belongs to them, so you can sink your way into the new wine, you can sink your way into the new anointing, you can sink your way into rams of spirit to our vowlers, can I hear your amen? I will sing with my spirit, and I will sing with my understanding also. You must begin to learn and commit to worshipping God in spirit and with our understanding. So praying in the Holy Ghost, enhances your access to the new wine, singing in the spirit and your understanding enhances your access to the new wine. So the new anointing does not only answer to prayer and fasting, it answers to praying in the Holy Ghost, building up yourself upon your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost. Jude chapter 1, chapter 6, praying in the Holy Ghost, so praying in the Holy Ghost, fire up your faith, can I hear your amen? Pray in the Holy Ghost, fire up your faith, pray in the Holy Ghost, fire up your faith, pray in the Holy Ghost, fire up your faith, Jude verse 20. I'm 4th Corinthians 14, 15, I will pray with my spirit, and I will pray with my understanding also. So if you want to stand drunk in the Holy Ghost, what do you do? Pray in the Holy Ghost and sing in the Holy Ghost. Can I hear your amen? That way you stay drunk, and this is what happens when you are praying in the Holy Ghost. What you are doing is you are finding the fire of the Holy Ghost, like your leg is on the anvil in the blacksmith's workshop, and as you are pressing it, you are finding the fire and the fire is just blowing and the iron is getting hot. So when you are praying the Holy Ghost you are finding the fire. You are what? You know when you are baptized, you are baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire, with fire. So when you are praying the Holy Ghost, what you are doing is you are finding the fire. When you are singing in the Holy Ghost, what are you doing? You are connecting with the heavens, directives. Then the Lord, because His glorious voice to be heard, as you are singing, revelation is just flowing, rightward, a warning season, a saying to all that is with the situation. Can I hear your amen? If somebody is still here, please understand that the wine of the Holy Ghost is not free, you have to engage spiritually to assess it. You have to engage spiritually to assess it. And then of course number two, a time is virtually out. Number two, we have the world wine, the world wine, and let me show you these that will help you. The world wine does not only get to us through the Bible, but it also gets to us through anointed ministries, through what? Because I post this prophecy, I'm teaching us a set up for the perfecting of the saints. See, we are come to the same level of faith. Can I hear your amen? To the fullness of the statue of Christ, onto a perfect man, glory to God. So the world wine, apart from access through the world by the Holy Ghost, comes to us through anointed sources, and through their books, their tapes, their videos, and whatever it means. So there are anointed world brewers. There are anointed world brewers. There are a lot of us who brought the world wine for people to take and get drunk. There are a lot brewers. Our diverse encounters that are from the Bible, have had the same quality of encounters from these anointed brewers. Glory to God. That's why we commit to materials of the anointed, so we can tap into the anointing at walking them. So the spirit entered into me when he spoke onto me, and set me up for my feet. So we don't only get enlightened from anointed materials, we get imparted from it. Not to some of the things I got dangerously imparted by the material of T. L. Osborne. Well, we met in 1990. He said, what? When you spoke, it's as if we have always known. He said, when I listened to you speak, it's as if we have always known. 1976, 1990. I got so drunk from that book, the purpose of ventricles, I got so drunk that the Holy Ghost spoke to me for the first time in my life, and directed me in a time to a location that I never asked a human being. I said, Holy Spirit, if truly you are a person, now show me where these folks are. And he said, go forward. I'm in my chest. Oh, wonderful. And I got to a situation where I got to go from there. Make a left. Sweet, totally spirit. No, guess what? I was having fun. I was like floating, walking with him. Very tall boy, you know. I got to the next junction. I said, we are going from here, Holy Ghost. It's make a left. I said, Holy Ghost, are you sure? You know the geography? Then he withdrew. I know what the cause, sweet fellowship of the Holy Spirit. I said, okay, I go on. Then he came back. Community speechlessly. Community, what? There was a fellowship without any voice going on. And then I got to a place that make a left. I said, this is a ministry of wars caught us. They can't be here. Okay, it says you know where they are. He left me. Then I said, okay, I go forward. Then he joined me. I never asked a human being. He led me personally. You can get drawn from the anointed materials of Kingdom Brewers. They are there. Yeah. Coppishagagagagrosi. The same something since I got drawn from the materials of Oswald Jesuit. The man got uses. I got so drawn that I entered into a covenant under that drunkenness. And the drunkenness is the drink. He said, effectiveness in those ketamine. She signed a document as a resort of that and can look and get drunk from anointed materials of God ordained Brewers. I mean God, or the one sent to you. Everything works. From the materials of the compliance, I got drunk with the reality of Kingdom Prosperity. It has flowed that ice cream. The way drunkers do. Yeah, I wasn't imagining anybody. I can never be poor. And it's here now. So you can get drunk. Therefore, don't buy books to decorate your shelf with it. You don't get drunk with the wine on the shelf. You get drunk with the wine on the inside. Don't just listen to books. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, normally, experts of faith. Yeah, I have three copies. The first edition ever, I have it. The second one, I had it. This third one, I just bought five now. The wine you buy does not get you drunk. It's the one you drink. Every book that is ever written here is intoxicated. It came out of spiritual intoxication. It's not, let's write something or somebody to see. There is fire on YG. It's on every page. Just to get drunk with it. Can you see something from 1760 now? I read something from Wigglesworth. It don't make up till now. When I see a witch, I get happy. Because I can't kill him. It's not, it's not, let's argue. And he also knows. It was the wine from Wigglesworth. Wigglesworth, that got me intoxicated. To be looking for anything I can find. You don't need to be a brua to get drunk. Just buy from the brua. Go to them that said, I'm buying. Go to them that, and then ask whether you are the one who brew it. Just you are the one who drank it. The moment you drink it, it will intoxicate you. It don't say, okay, I can't intoxicate you, I'm not the one who brew it. Somebody's blessed here. If that looks like you, let me hear you loud and say man. So the word wine is accessible through the anointed materials of God ordained brua. And when once you are drunk, it shows. When once you are drunk, it shows. Everybody knows that I'm drunk with the word wine of prosperity. How many know that? I mean, that is really drunk. That is, that is nothing in this job. That depends on any human source. Nothing. That's nothing here. Including me. That depends on any human source. Nothing, this is, I threw them, I said, stop giving. And you be surprised, there are nothing stops. Because we are not running on the budget or what to give. What to give is only a has in your position. It's not a has in the status of the minister. He has a budget for it. And it can send it through and ask. It can send it through fishes. Somebody's here, you get drunk here. I want to get angry with any unwanted issue of your life. This is the week for change. Amen. It's the week for change. The week for change. I finished teaching on a series on power over death in 1983. What did I call it? Power over death. So that's a now let's try it out. And then the room was turning. My wife was playing better. What happened that day? Everybody was running a task. And then suddenly something they may say, what are you doing here? I said, I don't know too. Come on. Jump off the bed. I said, I'm going to the bedroom. I heard my butt. I said, you know something? I heard this appointment. I have to go my way. I traveled the same day. I mean, that came to the room. Okay. If you ask me to tell you, that came to the room and was trying to have fun. And then the lion didn't say, what are you doing here? I said, I don't know too. Come on. I want to the bedroom. I heard my butt. And I had no driver. I drove myself from Melonito, Caduna. I said, if I see you on the way, I will climb on your head. What are you doing here? Until you get angry, you may die victim. So please get drunk. I wasn't playing when I had total power over death. It was a revelation of the Holy Ghost. Oh, yeah, yeah, you're terrible to challenge the efficacy of the world. I heard my Bible. The Lord that God blesses above all people. There shall not be men of female. Barrett. He said, you shall be blessed above all people. There shall not be men of female. Barrett among you. No, among your cattle. I said, when you have it, you can have the water of that. You can have the make of it. You can have the bread of it. But when you have the wine of it, you dominate it. When you are says the wine of it, you dominate it. When you have the wine, you know, you can have the same scriptures, but we have them at different levels. You can have the water of it. I refreshes you. You can teach it. You are a son of a minister. You are a minister. You are a pastor. You are a bishop. You can be teaching the water of the world. They are defenseless of the world. You have the make of it. It begins to grow gradually. You have the bread of it. It is strengthening you gradually. But when you have the wine of it, it turns to violent. It turns to what? It turns to violent. It turns to violent. It turns to violent. It turns to violent. So when my wife says she had me carry it, it can not happen. Can I help my food please? It turned out there. There was not a cause that I did you feed. How was it? Who now helped you? How did you go to the hospital? Nonsense. It can not happen. Can I help my food please? When you are says the wine of it, how did money we use in building this place came? I can't tell. Only evidence and angels can tell. We didn't steal. We didn't beg. But I can't. I built the world in six days. It does not take me too much to finish. I will not be there. Too much to much. That's wine. That wine. That's the case people. So I have found it on the rest of millions. Don't think there is one cocoa powder. Anything we have. Nobody is dealing with that here. The dead have entered the body's house. To cover her. Let me die. Don't do what? Help for what? For 30 years we have never done it. We just haven't found it. We haven't found it. By the wine of this spirit. We caught it. We have handed around the water level, the milk level too long. The throne is waiting for you. The throne has been wasting. Now get down there. Get down there. Go through the wine people and tap into the wine that get them drunk and then you start going on. This is a week of spiritual responsibility. It's a month or three hours. You can't build your faith by wishing. You build it by walking. Go and walk it out. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Also understand that the wine of the world can be only connected with your spirit. You said that's my best friend then with might by his spirit in the inner mind. You said with my soul, I'm very disordered in the right. And with my spirit within me, I find sought for them. So it is with your spirit. You connect with the wine. That's why I said can't tamper with you. Can I hear your amen? Because that thing is entered into your spirit. Which rules your body and rules your mind. Your spirit rules your body and rules what? If I was operating outside the spirit, we won't start this building. Why? I have a love technique and I like to know that it was practically impossible to think of doing this in one year. The protocol also will make it absolute impossibility because we will talk about this month to process approval. No nonsense approval. It's not approval here. approval. God said we do it one year. Nobody could ask nobody as once. There was no explanation to anybody. Nobody asked once and yet we have two thousand for walking and any wedges. So it was obvious to everybody that they would say make sure they went on here but nobody could ask. It's a good state. Why would we build like nobody could ask? Is that not legal? When this thing is working, you stay clear. When this thing is the one working, you stay what? This is our meet-up party. I've not given up. We didn't submit nothing. It's nothing. The building was going with the drawing at the same time. It made sure historical building was going on no question. We had the paper. Nobody could ask. Everybody's mouth was clipped from today. Whatever God has ordained the capacity to catch it and row with the receiving. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Well, it's not enough to get drunk. You must stay drunk to stay in charge. You must stay what? Drunk to stay in charge because the challenges of life have no time to go. So if you meet you in your natural state, it would deal with you. But in your drunk state, you command dominion. In your drunk state, you command what? In your drunk state, you command dominion. In your drunk state, you command dominion. In your drunk state, you command dominion. So stay drunk. Let me tell you what, stay drunk. Come and say it loudly. Right like a lion. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Nalo Shaga, bloody Latozi. Somebody say, today you want to be saved. This is your chance. Everyone I want to give you so a light to Jesus. Please, time to your feet. That is in my one step and to live in this glorious light. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Lift up your two hands to heaven and magnify him because it is your season.