This segment is captioned that every man is absolutely responsible for the outcome of his life. Look to April of your father and Sarah that, I called him alone. Refused to be lost in the crowd. I called him alone. I called him alone. And I blessed him and I increased him. For the Lord, we comfort Zion, the church, the lady, after the same order. Alone, alone, alone, alone, alone. We are often charged to cut the fire as to engage with the fire as individuals. We are often charged to be built up to commit the most of our individual engagement. Everything about man's advancement in life requires his personal engagement. Stop being a prayer project. Take responsibility. If we have come the elder to the verse of the Lord, and we have to do what he calls to do, he goes. We set you on high above all nations of the earth. And now this verse will come upon you and overtake you, not overtake them. You, you may. For the one who has to go to the Lord said to me, my son, that's the place where you are on top if you are interested. And as I am interested, whatever I tell you to do, do it. Can anyone take a test for another one to change class? He came to pass out and he said, God, the test, Abraham. And that's the 22 verse 1. So we are in this cool of this spirit. And we are right in test. Every revolution is an examination. Do you want this? Yes. This is what we do. You don't do it. You can't get it. Can anyone see, I didn't tell you if I don't want to be employed? Can anyone see a lab by using a romance heart to breathe? Can anyone eat on the behalf to be filled? Or do I keep a man alive requires his personal engagement? Spirituality can anyone be saved on behalf of another? Can any father be saved on behalf of his son? No. Can someone be saved on behalf of another? No. The clothes on the cell phone, every man, he came upon each of them. Each of them. And can anyone see what's going on? Can someone see what's going on? Can someone see what's going on? In that repeat, receive it wages. He, not day. As he goes on to life, eternal. He, the repeat, John 4, 35 and 36. Can the open world of someone's prayer and secret be passed on to another? All of this, and many more, is why God deals with these people as individuals? God does not know the word groups. It wasn't individuals. Everyone shall be the word that I can do is all labor. I can do it. It's all labor. First toiletians, 36. It doesn't have black groups. It blesses individuals. You shall have, and God shall bless. No one's to the devil we ever experience a chain without his or her personal engagement. In this kingdom, that just shall lead by its way. In this kingdom, everyone presses into his inheritance. Look 16, 16. From John over, with this of John the Baptist, the kingdom of God is free. And every man presses. Every man presses into it. You know what I mean? All on one, it seems to be so wrong that you may obtain. When someone is, can be a waste of one's life. A week, a week. Or captive daughter of life. Put on strength. A week, a week. We serve the God of speed. He created the entire world in 16. It's up to anything he says. When he says, for his hand one can turn, can turn it back. Beware of the evil heart of unbelief. It can turn a 40-day journey to 40 years. That happened to them in Numbers 14, verse 28-34. Let's read. Say unto them, as soon as I leave, as I have spoken in my ears, so will I do today. Look how many shall fall in this wilderness. I know that one number of you according to your whole number, from 20 years and above, an upward, which, more and more against me, doubtless. You shall not come into the land concerning which I swear to make me do it again. Except the RNA, save killing the son of Jeff Mill and Joshua, the son of naught. The little ones which he said should be free. Them will let bring in and they shall know the land which you have despite. But as for you, I see that we will fall in this wilderness. and your children shall wander in the wilderness for forty years and bear your wardens until your cacacies bewitch death in the wilderness. After the number of days for which each side of the land even forty days each day shall be for a year shall you bear your inequities even forty years shall know every joke knows. A journey of forty days can be done to forty years. All that is used to believe perish in the wilderness. But we leave you as two hours. We are well able because God says so. They made it. So one year can be worth forty years depending on your response to what God commands. For a few years today I'm not the sound of my voice that this year will be worth forty years in your life. By your genuine prompt response to whatever God commands your genuine and prompt response genuine and prompt response God said he will be the sound of my voice one year on the 17th of November. September 1998 we arrived there on the 18th the following day to start drawing the roots. There was no plan or premonition, no meeting, no motive. It was a response to what God commands. It's an educated 18th September 1999. How? God says so. Go ahead. So if you miss it you could be building up this building for thirty years. Don't miss the agenda for this year, my friends. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. The harvest of your guys now override. I got it fourth of May 1994 with the dedicated Africa sixth of May, Friday, April 9th. Till we can hear you. Amico Cucuta, Pradea, Teto Lea. He opened the doors, opened the gates. Open to me. We saft the God of food. Don't go down there, God. It's up to anything you see. It's up to anything you see. Covenant was built first one, seven months. Building construction began March 6th. Students resumed October 22nd. A bank came to say we were giving us, we were giving us a note from facility. I say we don't need it. We go cannot build it. We don't need it. Never do it. Never bad. We did seven months. Road, sewage. Pass on residence. Far quality. It's amazing. Amico Cucuta, Pinti, Anora. Don't pity God. Don't pity God. It's up to anything you see. Please respond, please don't wait to watch the night. That's you. Let's go. God, it's not a joke. It means what he says. It says what he means. So, the God of food. If you had to from believe, turn there 40 days to 40 years, and then there was all the land. You would see the promise land. Can I hear your Lord, that's him, man. Can I hear your Lord, that's him, man. The wear of evil heart of unbelief. Hebrews chapter three, verse 12 to 15. Take it, brethren. Let there be none of you and evil heart of unbelief in the pattern from the living God. The exorbitant one, another deliverance, go to the, let's not do the hardened through the decifleness of sin. For we are made partake of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our confidence, step fast onto the end. Where they say today, if you hear his voice, harden not your heart, as in the book of the book of the book of the book. In focus. God is open to anything he sees. Allow him to have his way. Ruben was full of potential. Jacob said, Ruben, my, my first born, the beginning of my strain, it's a little power, or shall not accept because you are unstable. You are unstable. To go not to go, to go not to go, get away, to go not to go, to go not to go, to go not to go, to get away. Procassionations are an enemy, of progress, an enemy of destiny, caution, caution. Ruben never made it to the promised land, a child of progress, God, and now they are to the child of one nation. They are the forgotten child of Israel today. This way is good enough for us, we can go to the promised land. They lost their place. Without the God of speed, the Indonesia we have on this land. They must have an appropriate for speed, for a special mission. Before it was done speaking, that's what they let you know, God is excited about provoking this capacity for speed. 24 of genesis, that's 12 to 15. And Abraham someone said, oh Lord, go to my father, my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham. Behold, I stand here by the will of water, and the daughters of them, men of the city come and come out to draw water. And let them come to pass, that the damsel to which I shall say, let down the efficient, I pray thee that I may drink, and she shall say, drink, and I will give, thy comments drink also. Let the same being, the she that thou hast prepared, for the servant Isaac, and thereby shall I know, that thou hast showed kindness to my master. And he came to pass, before he was done speaking, that behold, Rebecca came out, who was going to Bethlehem, son of Mechal, the wife of Nahu, Abraham's brother, without a picture upon a sword. And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, they had any man know her. She went down to the web, and filled a picture, and came up. And the servant ran to him, and he told her, and said, let me pray thee, drink a little water of thy picture. And she said, drink my love, and she hasted, and let that her picture upon her hand, and gave him drink. And when she had done, giving him drink, she said, I will draw water for thy calmness also, until they were all drunk. On the spot, if you wake the man for speed, you will get it. They shall be a year of divine speed in your life. The nature prayed, the sky became black. They said, tell you how, get your way, next room is top-down. Three are never yet done by them. And we are told that they have to go keep upon a legia, a heart-run, their horse, and the chariot of a heart, to the gates of Israel. That was called a 20 miles, in human being, a chariot, 20 miles. Come and say divine speed. We are getting speed to light. Four things, eight and forty-six. God's world approved the speed of light, because that world is the light of life. It's wrong swiftly. There's nowhere where that sound is no harm. Some one for the seven bus fifteen, some late ten bus one on two. Speed the world only, some of those e-deceptive hours. Watch. We are in a year of divine speed. This year, translet to go down forty years in love, in many people's lives. In 2015, many of our churches, as screened as hundred percent growth, within two months, including the end of the entire time. Amazing things are going on. In 2019, we saw five thousand new churches planted within one year. More than all we knew, between 1987 and 2014, in one year, at the commandment of the Lord. So at this commandment this time, I'm sure as we will attend to you. In 2020, in spite of COVID-19 global lockdown, we saw additional ten thousand, four hundred churches planted in Nigeria. At one thousand thousand, across thirty-five foreign nations of the world, in spite of COVID-19 global lockdown, those that come to us can stop going from having this week. This year, we will turn around and become like a dream of the light. In 2021, most of us, toward around the world, don't remember homelessness in the everyday churches. Including the fact that we have twenty-one thousand new homelessness established in one year. Watch out! That was more than what we had in the seven years of indivisible. In seven months, this year, unusual speed is so dim for your life. It's validated to a new era, yeah. It's to be like a dream of the night. Ten inches two, ready for financial entry into the three additional nations of the world, in one year. I worked with Mr. McGahn in the G4 in one year, with deliciousness, without stress. That this of stress I've overcome in your life, that God of speed has continued to manifest Himself in our midst. Again and again, it has happened before, it happened again. Divine speed is engendered by light. We talk about the speed of light. Light has come, arrived to walk in it, and we enjoy divine speed. This is a year. Arise to walk in it, and we enjoy divine speed. This is a year. Arise to walk in obedience, to walk it by commands. Arise to walk in love, for the commands. Engage in financial stewardship, with a sense of mission, with a commonality orientation, and what the Almighty told us earlier. Something is breaking from it, in the name of Jesus. It is light that triggers faith, because no one ever doubts what they can see, when Thomas, doubted Christ, Christ appeared, and said, oh, my Lord, my God, you can't doubt what to see, even if you are Thomas. When life breaks forth, faith comes alive. And when faith comes alive, the hand of God is revoked, and the hand of God is the hand of speed. The Bible says, and the hand of God is upon Elijah, 4 Kings 8, 10, 4, 6, and they outrun the horse and channels of air to the gates of Israel, and the hand of God, who I believe that I depart, and who is the hand of God is revealed. Well, faith comes alive, God's hand is straightforward to perform. What a year. What a year. What a year. What a year. By the property of the Holy Goose, a prophetic season of moisturizer around, after the order for bedding dawn, is the bed of客ler. Second summer, 11 and 12, and the act of the law continued in the house of a bedroom, the Gitaith, three months, and a lot blessed of bedroom and all is house. And was talking David saying, the Lord has blessed the house of bedroom and not the opportunity unto him because of the act of God. That's your envy in David. Now, let's go and get, we need a blessing here. The blessing God to the palace. Not either. Exposive blessings because of the act of. For anyone we consecrate himself to engage with God and the interviewees for the next three months of February, March and April. Exposive, king, humbling, or doubt blessings with the sound of your light. Therefore, in the name of Jesus Christ, there shall be no barren wiki in anyone's life, February, March and April. Every living winner will see minimum one established soul every month, making it minimum three. Every soul will have minimum 12 additional adults. Minimum 12. They are better placating at least once. Between now and April. Watch out for light has come engaged with it. I beg you. Engage with it. Engage with it. My name is from response to light. As played a major humbling role in my life. From response. From response. When I saw March of the three, I entered the covenant the same day. The same day. The same day. The same day. See the impact. I'm going to do. Same day. When I saw the covenant of prosperity. Same day. Yeah, I can never before light broke out. I responded. God's hand came down. To make it happen. I kept hearing obey the order of blessings. Obey the order of blessings. Obey the order of blessings. So if you go live on the night. This morning. And then. Begin to. Get ready. Get ready for your personal. It's a right the vision. Make it plain. Lighting that's interested. Or wrong with it. Let him wrong. For the Joshua Libyan is free. A component vision does not live at component resource. Component input is in the big glass. Strong position and time is so awful. Somebody bless. For the jobs shall live by his faith. Let him. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Where I'm gotten by financial diminishes. Where I get out by liberal shall increase. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Let him wrong. Any testimony not what provoked does not last. Let's move on. Three months of engagement with the act of gold. For the 90 and four time, there are examples. Roman 54 and for a landing. We are for whom the end of the just call. There's nothing is talking about this things. Their life. I can't engage like a bedroom or a bedroom or a bedroom. This is possible. This requires the sacrifice. The sacrifice. Over and keep that in the less sacrifice. Three months. Eruption. Eruption. That's in person. Other patterns for him. Many two sets are here. This position we've packed on everyone that has to do with you. Amen. In your relations. You're distanced. What do they have? Anybody have to do with you? This will be part of them. So our way, Delta Snippers, arrest only then and Christ shall give their life. Therefore, in the name of God the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. I hear by the client. A season of supernatural honor. Within three months. It's your personal. Eruption of grace. Because you have never read or had about. It's coming your way. Therefore, go ahead and fire up. You can't dream in prayers. We have two days more to go. Fire it up in prayers. I must make the most of these feelings. I must. Let me speak. Go. And you will. Go to the good of speed. As complex as mountains, it made man in one day. One day. One day. One day. Those are busy reciting and reciting. One day. One day. By the breath of Moses, he give life. To be clean. It will only be complex. It became hard. Longs, kidney, liver, everything. One day. It's your time. Lift up your right hand everybody. Lift up your right hand. And. Tango for grace. Tango for grace. Tango for grace. It's your own existence. Turn around. After the auto-operidom. It's your season. It's your season. Celebrating. Magnify Him. Something you feed your body. Thank you, Jesus. We continue to declare that your season. My season of My season of Svanjana Chonaran at the Jodohu Bheridom is finally here. My season of Svanjana Chonaran at the Jodohu Bheridom is finally here. Get ready. Mid- - Done! is the greater boldly, the grand confidently. Am I a worker to in my stromba? I am a personal positioned in this agenda. Must be the most dramatic season of my life, February, March, April of 2025, shall be the most dramatic, the most dramatic. In Jesus' precious land, now watch. Psalm 50 and verse 5. Gather my sins together onto me. Those who have made a covenant with me by sacrifice and the most with the clear man a righteous man for I'm Germany arm. You make a covenant by sacrifice by sacrifice. You want to solve your own password and get away. You want to solve your own password and never answer everything. We want to solve your own password and never say, Get ready to do what you've never done You want to do what you've never say get to do what you've never done Get ready Amen Amen In the place of one somebody will get ten He gave them one one one of them made ten I don't know I made five Depends on you Depends on you I had a long one time give me a thousand so this month and I did it I saw it for a month I come and I said wait a minute, give me a thousand so this week and I did it I want you to ask me and tell you what this is We got my friend We got We don't sit down to win favor with gold We'll tell the community In the precious name of Jesus not long when I will be left behind You shall not be left behind One and count out favor is what my thought more than a lifetime of efforts one and count out with favor One day goes to my son David even if you don't believe it's too late even if you don't want to believe it's too late So I'm blessed Many will and count out so I'm blessed here Before the three months is over so let's begin for The first to be lost in the cloud not be lost in the team You must have names To your name Names to your name Names to your name Tango for the team Or you must have names to your name You must have names to your name So it's a personal race We get into a team talking wrong He sent them two by two But get personal evolve We have for the best of time So the next three months of February March and April will be like 40 years in your life Now let's talk about two things and that's given why we get it to prison We will be right hand in town people Now get it to prison Thank you for making me a part of this army All over the world I desire little bit of two hands We are not serving the church We are serving Christ It's not the act of the choice that could go Thank you Lord In Jesus name Now receive grace I decree your passion to come alive No one among us will ever hand No sell it as a glass leaf No believe as I go into stupor In the name of Jesus Such as I have of God I give unto you Your passion for Jesus We never go down You are pocketed in three months I will be free to leave In Jesus name You belong the biggest honor priest