Spiritual authority cannot be copied. Can I obviously that would mean? It cannot be emulated. Spiritual authority cannot be transferred. We have authorities in various spheres of life. They can't transfer the authority in their field to anybody else. Just like low-spot-star can transfer, it's tied on to anyone else. Spiritual authority cannot be copied. Cannot be emulated. Let the sense of skillful try to do. In the name of Jesus, one poor priest, get out. They say to wear. They passed on them. It cannot be copied. It cannot be transferred. Spiritual authority is under. Spiritual authority must be under. Must be under. Must be under. Where the good and faithful servants are? You have been fed over a few things. Help the authority over ten cities. It must be under. You are there. That is look 19, 17 to 19. You are there which I've continued with me in my temptations. I will appoint to do a condom as my father's appointed me. Look 22, verse 28 to 30. Spiritual authority must be under. Spiritual authority must be under. Spiritual authority must be under. Spiritual authority must be under. replenishframe mean. Everything can be lost. everything a Saint could be lost. Everything can be lost. Give me name above every name at the name of Javinshu Bawa. It must be, you say, people try to practice many things that are unpracticable. It's asked to be armed. That to speak freely does not make me loyal. You have to, and call to the bars. No. Now, you look like a boxer, doesn't make you a man. You have to, and it will regorose exercises required to imagine a star in that field of sports. Let's talk waiting for what is not coming. Let's talk waiting for you. Spiritual authority must be armed, or it never comes. Or it's never meant manifest. Spiritual authority must be armed, and it's at the cost of obedience. Spiritual authorities are the cost of obedience. A deliverance is meant manifest at the cost of obedience. Who is that wise unfitful servant who is lowly? Make a lot of wise household that should give them their meeting, their season. Blessed is that servant who is lowly when it comes. So, let me ask them to make a lot of good authority. Matthew 24 was 45 to 47. Spiritual authority is armed by obedience, sustained by obedience, and grossed by growing obedience. God wants it to me. So, 41 years ago, my son was born. And I was born. And I was born. And I was born. And I was born. My son that is a place for you on top, he was entrusted. As a Lord, I am. Then he responded. Then what about I tell you to do it? Access to the topmost top in the kingdom is by raw obedience. Raw obedience. It was speaking to me from that scripture. If you didn't have the voice of the Lord, you are God. The Lord said to you on high above all nations of the earth. I am not going to come to you and overtake you. And among them, you shall be the head and not the tail. You shall be above only and not beneath. That's authority. When our obedience is fulfilled, we shall avenge all who will silence all oppositions with our obedience. When our obedience is complete, we put our silence all oppositions. Second Corinthians 10, 326. God does not enforce obedience on anyone is simply a choice that individuals make. If it's a choice, they shall not be able to do the verse of the Lord, if before you live on that, listen to the question. Choose life. And now, listen to the Gospel. The translation of the 13th and 13th. Obedience is a choice. In March 21, 20th and 31, we saw two young men. Their father said to the first one, go to the feet and walk for me today. He said, I will not go. Then the second one, you go to the feet and walk for me today. He said, go, sir. We never went. So it's not about saying it. It's about doing it. Just like every change of class is cool. The man that you pass the prescribed test, that is always a test of obedience to pass, to move to the next level of spiritual authority. He came to pass all these things and said, God, the test, Abraham. That's it. After a test, after a hundred years, God, the test, Abraham. He came to say, God, this is testing people. They try off our faith. It's more precious than gold. It tests people to change their classes. And it's the obedience test. He said, because you don't understand. You know, we had the only son from me. You have obeyed my voice. I swear by myself, I will bless you. I'm multiplying you. It passed the obedience test to move to the realm of strong blessing. It passed the obedience test that's not speaking all these generations after him. The all said and all to be is better than sacrifice and to hack them than the farts of rounds. Prayer and fasting will never be a social obedience. Church activism will never be a social obedience. The making of every great destiny scripture and constant obedience. Tonight is tonight. No one will fight with this destiny again. You will not fight with your destiny again. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Now listen, we may not have prayed for some great happenings in our lives. But we definitely must obeyed our way into them. There are many great things you never need to pray for when your biggest is fulfilled. You never need to pray for when your biggest is fulfilled. There are many things you never ask God in prayer. We must obeyed the world to commit him to what he said he would do. If you will hack him and don't have to do all that I command you, he said, I will set you on high above all nations of you. No, you do what he says. You will need to pray. So much begging because of disobedience. So much begging. Jesus revealed to me the mission of Canon prosperity 43 years ago. I bought a wood clen and sink into it. I was not first 20 a church. I saw the reality of kingdom abounders. It was only to me than the day. And I began working consciously in the times of their covenants. I have never prayed once. Oh God, this financial situation I've never had one. When Jesus showed me the mystery of history, I bought a wood clen and sink into it. And I was set for history, and it's not a few days. You better buy into the mouth of begins if you must exercise spiritual authority. Since I saw my biggest always Christ answer that would you may have in the places. I have never had to present and leave me. No, no. Like I'm praying for darkness to leave him. And don't like chasing darkness. I'm not going to bring it. Let's come. I went to town yesterday, I don't want any money in the morning. So I'm going to go to the road. And then, so I'm going to see what I'm chasing after them. So just like this hard one of them say, take over, take over. Papa is coming, Papa is coming. No security will come. Light, light does not show good to work to subdued darkness. It's natural, it's normal. So listen to me. From this convention on, every false feeling to maintain any idea of your life. We'll be falling off your way. The same way we saw in that picture. How those two demons had to flee. No, no, no, no, no. No, the guilt of darkness can't challenge the authority of light. When you're working on billions of the truth, you're working in the light. And darkness can't check you out. So many students just changed. Most of the Christ's today are threatened with disobedience. They are threatened with a lot of disobedience. When Israel bathed and headed for the Red Sea, the Red Sea gave way. Tell them to go forward and they went forward. They didn't tell them to put them in the first place and start jumping and jumping in their head. Tell them to go forward and they went forward. And someone went forward, pepped at the picture very beautifully. The sea saw them inflate. Obstacles will flee before we did this. I said, Obstacles will flee before your video. So, do you want to know what the word says? Always commits God to confirm His word in our lives. What if I tell you to do it? And if you want to put it in water, there was no joking. There was no prophesy. Simple obedience. For meditation took place. And the water was down to sweet wine. Sweet wine. No protocols. Just raw obedience at work. Whatever appears finished in your house. Obedience is so pleasant to punish, right? That's why passing the obedience test is what qualifies the believer for entrumment in the kingdom. Let this mind be in you which also was in Christ Jesus. Who there was in the form of God, he can't not be probably to be called with God. But make himself of Lord's protection. Whatever God says is finer. My education, my certification, not to stand in. I took upon Him before my servant. I was made like an instrument. I've been found and fashioned as a man. He honked Himself. I became obedient to Him to death. Even the death of the cross. We are for God also as highly exalted. On the basis of that only zealous obedience. God, give me name. Above every other name. You are living here with a new name. As you determine to walk in the light of His water with only zealous obedience. Obedience to the full obedience of the end. You'll find all use what is taking place in your life. It's your tongue. It's your tongue. It's your tongue. Obedience may be costly. But the end result is priceless. Obedience may be costly. But the end result is priceless. Think of it. God built the old church. And was a beauty to behold. In fact, you see past that facility for our tech of compost. And now I was going to say this is the place and get out from that place completely and shut it down. Above. That will not land no with logic. No. We shut down the place. We don't think it's the same bad 95. And we are shut down 99. I think they want to do with it. It's your night. That's the right. No. Let's have one choice. A thousand bottles. One bottle of wine. More than a thousand in the bush. No. Obedience down to thousands of buildings. So we moved in here. No. Sir. It may be costly. But the end result is priceless. When they were driving home and I saw a number of people hanging around the bus. I came down from my car. I will not drive the bus. Obedience may be costly for the end result is priceless. It's after we got there who made sure the world opened up. After we got there, see you in my life. After we come here, learn my came my life. You can't tell what's in the buildings on your own. You can't tell what is in the buildings on your own. You can't tell what's in the buildings on your own. You cannot not tell what is in the buildings on your own. Obed. Young people hear me. I had gone to bed. It is goofy. Young man. A man that he has used in his youth. I was 16 years and I prayed. Jesus, whatever you have been when I'm old. Let me be right now. So I took responsibility only. Only. It's not content to shape my life on a solid ground. I have no jealous friends. No. I've nobody join the wedding. It's supposed to be great. Is it great not to smoke okay? How? Doesn't fit me. Yes. No, please don't do that. It's about to walk in. In language scriptures. It decores the future. Not tomorrow's great. Not tomorrow's great. Not tomorrow's great. It was costly for Abraham to pick Isaac and put wood on his head and put knife in his pocket. And thank you for three days. But it's not opportune to come back. I'm sorry, the police are far off. I still went ahead. I'm gone there. I'm tied the boy. Place him on the altar. To get knife in his pocket. Or be there, it's going to be costly. But the end is all expressness. Isaac was 75 before Abraham passed. My God. In the tunnel with him, God sanctified his obedience. I'm brought to you. You did not bless him. Obedience may be costly for the end result, expressness. Somebody's through this journey. Don't want to let me have your loudness, amen. Let me have your loudness, amen. We saw the testimony of Joseph from a head trap to slavery from slavery to imprisonment. But it never lost touch with Jesus. With God. It never lost touch with Jesus. With God. It never lost. God was with him. I said, slave. God was with him in the prison. And God saw him to the palace. He went to a 17-year-old deal but he lived for 80 years. Hmm. How can I do this to say against God? He was on key with God. Obedience was lifestyle. And he ran the needy for 80 years. Somebody's love was changing. Somebody's love was changing. Somebody's love was changing. You know what it means for a joke to preface friends? Who was enemies in this ordeal? Who are making gestures of him? And telling him that he was fake and hypocrite? And God turned this captive any prayed for his friends. Obedience would be costly. It had to subdue his emotions to bigger and go change his story. Again, no one knows how his obedience until he has obeyed. Obedience was supposed to be the gateway to noiseless breakthroughs in the adventure of life. See all those things listed in the 20th verse 1 to 13. They are going to pray for every day but if you look at it, obedience is the gateway to all of them. Obedience is the gateway to all of them, all of them, answer to our obedience to the world of God. All of them, shall be blessed in the city, blessed in the city, all of them. You happen to what the world says, all of them. Obedience speaks louder than voice. We have scattered those true scriptures. The massive walls of Jericho came down. Through all obedience. Go land this wall once a day for six days. On the seventh day, go land it for seven days. Don't talk. What? I'm not going to tell you the danger. What if they are tied down from the wall? They are not the people that are not telling me the massive people. And those are not me that was a useless one. But road beading us. It came to enemy from attacking them. They were not at wall for six days. On the seventh day, there was no crack on the wall. They were not the first time to take time for time. There was no crack. But others. But at the seventh time with the long blast of the trumpet, the wars of Judical fell down flat. The wars sank. The bad guys, the fall you will sink. Yeah, man. And I have your knowledge, amen. Yeah. Now, what did they do? They didn't write anything apart from a video. Only obedience brought that impegnable order. Only obedience brought to that. Only obedience brought to that. I cast the hold of every spirit of disobedience tonight. It breaks people under the wrath of God. Efficiency has two, one to three. That's which we now work at in the children's obedience. I'm turning them to children of wrath. It brings us under the wrath of God disobedience. It's one of our worst enemies in the journey. God says on you, I don't think so. You think what? Somebody slowly changing. Your people traveling is not an achievement. Don't play joker with your life. If you let God lead you, you shall not want to. If you let God lead the way, you'll not be a beggar. If you let God lead your steps in life, you'll be an employee of labor. Watch it. The widows at the part was repeating her last meal for herself and the son to eat and die. Obedience opened the new chapter. She was feeding fat for three and a half years following. Whatever seemed to have come to its past in your life Obedience opened the new chapter to you. And I hear your Lord, they said, The Lord spoke to me in 1977 back then. He said, my son, your future is in my plan, not in your plan. For I know my plan for you says the Lord, the plan of whether or not to give you a future at the home. That won't go so mad into my system. I bought several postcards and wrote it, and posted to all my friends on the internet in those days. The hey, God told me this morning that my future is in its plan, not in my plan. And this can't get my plan to embrace its plan. I have no regret for it. Yeah, there's not to miss plan that time. I said, Lord, whatever your plan is for me, I'm ready for you. It's your time. It's your time. This is not a gift, it's a choice. You cannot pray for yourself to be in power, but the choice is made. You have to make the choice first. The choice is yours. The choice is yours. And in the name of Jesus, all that make the choice tonight, to walk in obedience to the Lord of God, your choice will be made manifest. Your choice will be made manifest. Your choice will be made manifest. Please know that obedience has no left smile. It's a life-long requirement. Wherever obedience stops, the blessings that are cool also stops. Abrams kept up to obedience at 75. And they went through that test at 114. In obedience. As it was until the 14 years at that time, it had died at 114. Obedience is a life-long requirement. It has no left smile. I have obeyed, I think I have obeyed enough. The day you stop obeyed, the blessings that obedience attract stops. The authority, conferred on you in obedience, ceases. Obedience has no left smile. It's a life-long requirement. Just like breathing. Breathing has no left smile. You stop breathing, you stop living. Anything has no left smile. You stop eating, you start dying. I don't know what I will be about, stop talking about you smiling all over town. In the same vein, obedience to the world of gold is a life-long requirement. You better develop yourself to enjoy it. Develop yourself. If you might not be doing the right thing, and you got tired of it, you have to do the wrong thing, go forget the right you have done, and the wrong that you found him, that will be Georgia. Is it getting 18, doing fun, 25? Can I help you say with me, Obedience has no left smile. Obedience has no left smile. In the same vein, every commandment of scriptures has no left smile. We hope and enjoy it. We hope and enjoy it. Also understand, the only thing that you can do is to wake up and enjoy it. Also understand, the agony and triumph of obedience. In Luke 22 for 244, talking about Jesus, obey an agony, if prayed endlessly. Some obedience may be agonizing, for instance, our church had a quick notice from the facility we were listening to. And then, we had no fun, we had to settle. And now, God said, I rise, get down to negotiate with people. Are you not trying to run away? Who's trying to be misunderstood? What about money we now have? The ministry had, now I have to be used to it, when they go, we will have no fun, a location, a location for the church. That could be stressful, except someone who has made this choice. They become delightsome. And then, have you heard me? I didn't feel nothing. I don't own the church, I own the church. And in certain moments, you go to the place, you go to take care of your other ones. Everything fell into place. Everything fell into place. From two miserable plots, in the waterlogged area, to 13 acres in the center of the city. In Kaduna. Awesome. Don't ever advance reasons for disobedience. Don't get to stagnated. Don't advance reasons for disobedience. It will get to stagnated. So we got there. Praise God. Somebody's stories change, being in Agonini prayer. We showed it yesterday, how we went out to pray three different times. Nobody less than my name. I have the authority from you not to go to this cross, but I don't want my way to prevail. I want you to prevail. And it went ahead. See how many times you have said to glory, including your lives. Come and give the Lord a big hand of praise. The future of obedience is indescribable. Just walk in it. You find yourself been launched into things far beyond your whitest imagination. Far beyond your whitest imagination. Somebody's through this change. Can I hear your loudness in me? Can I hear your loudness in me? Can I hear your loudness in me? It's your tone of last. It's your tone of last. Walk in the center of the wheel of God, make cause I'm to lose this reputation when we get in good shrivel and blessings at the end. I haven't made the choice. We need this help of the Holy Spirit to maintain our quality work of obedience with God. And as you get 36 and verse 27, I will put my spirit within you. And cause you to work in my status. It will help you to keep my judgment and do them. That is the spirit of obedience to contest this without disobedience that we saw in Ephesians chapter 2, 1, 2, 3. It's spirit. That's what's spirit. You don't have to do that. I mean, before I just look, there's nothing there. When I do the obedience, I sometimes ask. When you're coming like a flood, just speak to the Lord. This is standard against it. It's standard against it. It's standard against it. We are all aware that we are set to begin the accrued yet in 2016. And I said, Jesus, we are ready. In fact, they are gone. They are to do so a test. They are done. They're marking out in the wrong side on the same premises. I don't know. We already said, no, sir, no voice. I said, Lord, we are ready. And they are taught me before never to move. When I ask a question, there's no response. It's I'm not deaf. It means to be where you are as you have from me. And I asked him in 2020, and he said, don't talk to me anymore in this matter. When I talk to him, you find it. 2020, it came out open the way. And show me how that was a wrong location. Maybe waiting for me to be able to see it. I couldn't see. It's also for my eyes. And here we are today. I've ever seen any project in my life. So stress free. So concerned free. My God. So over-provided for you. You see a project that before they are up the third level, all their conditioners have arrived. All the skeletons have arrived. All the rituals have arrived. He said, if you go to that place, I will not go in there with you. It will have been a monument. An empty statue. Obedience is sweet. Obedience is sweet. Receive grace. For delight some obedience from as far. What is back over here? The authority of God is back of our obedience. Heaven and earth are passed away. But my watch are not passed away. It's authority is back over here. The Lord of Hosts is name. Why do we need this bit of obedience? These obedience. Some instructions may be far above our nature like a capacity to comply with. So we need Israel. Amen. Can you imagine it? 75-year-old man. Get out of their conscience. Yes. Where am I going? Is that what you are going? What kind of thing is that? So when I'm living with one light at them, tell them, go be sure of me as I'm going. You better understand if it's of Abraham. I never found the part that my question is, which role did he take? He got to a place. So where do I go? Go this way. You can't tell them where you are going. That's what we need that external hell. In this high tech day, we need that external hell. We have to do what God says to do without looking back. Praise God. Praise God. Receive tonight the spirit of obedience upon your choice. May your choice today be empowered with the spirit of obedience. May your choice today be empowered with the spirit of obedience. May your choice today be empowered with the spirit of obedience and the precious name of Jesus. On the other hand, some in search of me too costly to be unnatural. Like take your son, your son, Isaac, whom you love that you wish for for 25 years. Take him now and slow time for me. That needs help. That needs help. That needs help. And because I obeyed my voice by myself, I swung. It was a test of obedience, but costly for the natural amount to adapt with. Receive that in duement of the spirit of obedience tonight. If you check all the heroes of faith, there's this common consciousness that responded promptly to every instruction, promptly, promptly. Now I was going to go, it's never end. Be the nut and remove that. Not I was planning to move. It moved. And kept building that up for 120 years. Thank you, Jesus. God called Moses, it moved. God, Abraham, it moved. So for prompt response, we need help. When you receive it tonight. As we close, all this obedience for us, every act of obedience opens a new chapter to the believer. I mean, I said for new chapters, every act of obedience opens new chapters to the believer. We saw it in Abraham. We saw it in Moses. God will always manifest Himself to the obedient. We said, ask my commander and keeps it. We love him. My father and I will love him. And I will manifest myself to him. Obedience and tattoos us to divine manifestations. Wars in obedience for us. Obedience of faith, the Quenches of Fiali phonics. It's the cure of divine presence, which I thought was out of the building. It's because my daughter supplies in the time of drought. In summary, we are obedience by, we are spiritual authority by obedience. As mentioned, we saw standing by obedience. So, we have such tremendous people from God, but he misses out of 20 years. 4th game's name was 10, 24 to 25. King Arthur missed his steps. After 20 years, 2nd Chronicles 15, 10. 2nd Chronicles 16, 1 to 14. So, I missed God, after 40 years, at 13, 41, 14, 13 to 14. King Uzziah missed it, after 52 years, 2nd Chronicles 26, 16 to 22. No one here shall miss it. We shall make it to the end. Everyone here shall finish strong. No one shall miss his place in eternity. Place note, we are spiritual touch about obedience, we sustain about obedience, and we grow in spiritual authority by growing in our obedience to God at this world. Everything about spiritual authority and cause on obedience. It was endowed with authority in the Garden of Eden, where he grew up. He missed it, on the point of obedience. It was given to minion authority, but he grew up by same food disobedience. He lost the Garden, we have to wonder about in the wilderness. Obedience is the security of our spiritual authority. Obedience is the security of our spiritual authority. You work in the company and as the MD, and then you design the authority vested on you, the eye is withdrawn. It's withdrawn. Because I'm not going to doubt the authority. You cannot accept your authority like before again. So when you come off your authority of scriptures, you have lost your authority to exercise authority. You have lost it. You will not lose it. And the precious name of Jesus. Can I tell you this as I close. Royal obedience brought this commission where we are today. Or do I call it? Royal obedience. It will take you to any way I could ask for them for you. Royal obedience. Royal obedience. Royal obedience. Conscious obedience. Celebrate an obedience. All is disobedience. Receive grace for them. Stand to your feet in the body. Give them all the big hand of praise. Come on, give them a big hand of praise. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Can I have you have this good news? No one ever regrets working in obedience to God that is over. No one ever regrets it. Obedience declares destiny. Obedience opens new chapters over and again. Obedience never leaves the Obedience stranded. So from today, no more stagnation. No more stagnation. No more stagnation. No more stagnation. Pressure will just imagine that I got hooked on to the US and decided to stay there on my own. I might be a member of this church now. Because there is no wasted crown in the kingdom. You lose to somebody that sticks it. You better mind the God. A mind is instructions. You don't have a future without God. I said, why is nothing happening to Kumasi? God said, I'm not there. The announcement was there. The calling was there, but God was not there. Six years, nothing was happening. Some people come and say, we are God is not for 20 years. I know this happening. You want me to go. You want me to go. You want me to go. Do I have any great now for being in Nigeria? Never. Never. Do you want me to go. Do you want me to go. I will appoint a place for my Israel and I will plan them in the place of their own. And it's a no movie game. Not that short, this is a witness. I'll flick them any more. As before time. Second, summer, seven, ten. You can't be afflicted. You go to a point of place. Do you want me to go. You can't be afflicted. You go to a point of business. You want me to go. Let's turn your hands over to everybody. And express your choice of obedience. Express your choice for obedience. Express your choice for obedience. On to go to Nigeria, Our beer is up to me for a benefit. God, it means that I am going to have a beer or not. Thank you, Jesus. We do cry for the end you and yourself of obedience right now. Cry for the end you meant of the Smith of obedience. And your walk would go. Lord, and do me a fresh tonight with the spirit of obedience. And do me a fresh tonight with the spirit of obedience. And do me a fresh tonight with the spirit of obedience. And do me a fresh tonight with the spirit of obedience. And do me a fresh tonight with the spirit of obedience. And Jesus, fresh your name, we are praying. Now, as simple as it is, let them that is weak say what? What should he say? What must he say? What must he continue saying? Until you stop saying I'm sick, you can't be free. No. Let them that is sick say I'm healthy, I'm old, I'm free. That's the way to make it happen. Let the weak say I'm free. Somebody's through these changes. Nothing works here. Except me, things are working for me. Things are working for my family. Things are working for my family members. I don't think there's a future in this place. I see a future. I bless them in future. I never have a future. That's waiting for me there. And I hear your amen. Because Shahat what you see. What you see. Your words are prophetic. You are waiting for you tomorrow. What you say today you see tomorrow. We need the spirit of obedience in all areas of our lives. In my house we never say it is finished. No. The people working there do that. You can't say that something is finished in the kitchen. You can't say that. It's not. People you can't see it. But it's not finished. We had an accountant in those early days in the ministry. You must say there is no money. That's the last thing you'll be there. And God never fade one. Oh, obedience. Oh, obedience. But that doesn't sacrifice. Let's talk to your two hands. Every area of disobedience you know. Begin to come against it. Every area of disobedience you know about your life. And get the obedience to your comment. Enough. Enough. That your man stood off from addiction and that drama. I said, no. Enough. I don't belong here. No. I don't belong here. No, I don't belong here. No. Kings don't do this. I don't belong there. Don't get the inequality you don't believe us. You are busy running after unbelievers for money. You already break it in your home before you form it. Every area of disobedience you know about your life. Come against it. With the authority of Jesus. Come against it. I'm set to walk in obedience. I'm free from this plea. Every area where you are polite from beside your bridge. Goodbye yourself. Goodbye yourself right now. Goodbye yourself right now. goodbye yourself right now. Goodbye yourself right now. And Jesus, precious name, we are free. In the name of Jesus Christ we are free. In the name of Jesus Christ we are free. Receive tonight a fresh endowment of the Spirit of obedience. It will keep you moving forward on the many days of your life. Every devil of your territory. As you walk in the light, God spread the dominatio territories. No more assault on the wicked on your life. No more assault on the wicked on your family. In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus. It's a time came in the life of Uzziah. No, no, no, no. The priest cannot be controlling me anymore. No, no, no. I'm the king. I'm the king. It went down with leprosy and was a leopard throughout the days of his life. One of the greatest enemies of obedience is pride. Oh, do I call it? Now, I caused the Spirit of pride from its roots in anyone's life. King Asa led the mighty deliver and the pride got on the way. This life was go short. In the name of Jesus, pride will not come on anyone's way. Can I tell you what we have to keep us on board? God does not need you for anything. I said, God does not need you for anything. It doesn't need me for anything. It's gone without me on this side or not. God does not need you for to be God. No. It's gone, don't by yourself. But I need you for everything. As I need you for everything. I need you for everything. So where is the pride? Where's the pride coming from? Am I coming to a church for God? No. They go from strength to strength. Every one of them is going to appear before God. I can bet you this forever. There is no Christian who plays with church. And it is strength. Forget about no sense. They go from strength to strength. Otherwise, you go from weakness to weakness when they are done and out. You are not coming to church for God. You are coming for yourself. When I enter the sanctuary of the Lord, they don't understand right now. It's the center of spiritual illumination. That keeps you going. And more key cards. So we have no basis for pride. You give a seat. Who gave you the seat? Ah. Where are you going? Are you going to see this? You come now with the check note? No. Are you changing that by chance? No. Relax. Relax. God does not need you on me for anything. But I need them for everything. That has kept me going. God does not need me. Why? God does not need you. You need them. I need God. I can't be anything without them. But I still go without me. I still go without one of us. If you don't understand too much, then God is still going. About what? Therefore, in the name of Jesus, every cloak of pride is here by the clear destroyer. And so shall it be. Now, every grace upon this commission that has kept relevant over the years is released upon your life tonight. The grace of front obedience. Receive it now in the name of Jesus. The grace for all reserved obedience. Receive it now in the name of Jesus. The grace of full obedience. Receive it now in the name of Jesus. The grace of obedience to the end. Receive it now in the name of Jesus. The grace upon this commission is here by the clear destroyer. The grace upon this commission. And so shall it be. Because obedience is not less fun. In the name of Jesus, every temptation to return from a banger comes under its cost today. not miss it. You will not miss it. One of the greatest mysteries of the end-time church is clearly two of different directions. Who do I call it? They shall walk everywhere in this way, everywhere in this part. They shall not break. So before we arrive here or not, God also has a plan. If I came here, He has a plan. If I form the I knew it, and it surprises you to your own assignment. Now, my prayer tonight is that you will not run out of the mushrooms. God said to me, I'm committed to leading you, if you're committed to following me. You know, most people just play around with God. God, I'm going to go to Germany. He has already gone. He has bought the ticket. He has arranged the flight. Oh, God, just to inform you. What are you saying? Yes, yes, yes. Yes, I'm going. It's in the way down. Don't play with it. If I don't know, that's in my life. I know I'm in the center of the center of the will of God. I know I'm in the center of the center of the will of God. And it shows in everything I do. You won't miss your steps. I'm the Lord that teaches you to profit, that lead that in the way that I should just go. And the task I know when they let them, when the next of great task and that great family. But if you let God lead you, sir, you'll be glory, shame in the midst of the desert. Therefore, grace for spiritual sensitivity to the leading of the Holy Spirit. Receive it now. Amen. Grace, not to lead yourself. I'm making you guys go to the one leading you. Receive it now. Grace, to allow the world to go to the time in the steps to take a life. Receive it now. I'm so shall it be. Thank you, Heavenly Father. If there's anything you deserve for a change, I decree right now. Because on this mountain of change, on this mountain of transformation, I decree that the desert change leased into your life. The days of weeping are over. The day of struggle for survival, they are over. In the name of Jesus. So shall it be. Lift up those two hands, everyone. And give God thanks. Give him praise. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Give the Lord the biggest and the praise of Jesus. Would you help me? Yes. Please, God praise the Lord. Negotiated obedience. I have obedience. Degrade obedience equals to disobedience. Obedient may be costly, but the end result is infallible. Those are my takeaway from this powerful message from my father in the faith, Bishop David O'Yehdebo, during the Easter faith Conversion 2025. What are your takeaways from these powerful teachings? Like them on the comment section below. If this video has really blessed you, please don't forget to leave a thumbs up. Remain ever blessed.