All things are love for me, but not all things are expedient. All things are love for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any. I make my choice for what is profitable above what is acceptable. It's acceptable to go from place to place, say hello to everybody, and really love them. But our profit is going about window shopping without a budget of what to buy. Our profit is going somewhere because you have to go somewhere, whether you have anything to do or not. Our profit is. Shakespeare said something interesting. He said, I wasted time and now time does waste me. We do this enormous literature that came from him. He wasted time. With his prestigious plays in the world of literature, he wasted time. So he said, a deliberate choice for what is profitable above what is acceptable. It is the efficient moneyment of one sale and time. Efficient moneyment of one sale and time. Now, some people's ten years, it's of some of those 50 years by a reason of efficient moneyment of their time. I don't have time. No, we have equal time. There's a poor money given by time. I am poor at money given by time. Everybody has 24 hours. The poor, the rich, the average, the above average, the excellent. The efficiency of time money makes what makes it different between one and no. One of my elementals in life, very respectable man, was a great literature. He worked this way to earn a first degree, a second degree, a third degree, and became a celebrity, the personality at least. I won't also serve that second to say, government. Or that's dire at that level. But no. He invested his time, well, that's what I did. I used to know a primary school teacher. And suddenly we had that it was going to the law school. How did they get there? It was in London, University of Respondence calls. I passed this law degree without knowing the airport, headed on to the general law school. He left your dad's behind. They are still playing at you on that degree. And grobbing. Oh, this one is hard. Let me handle that one. And somebody else has left them behind. As good abroad without leaving this village, as under prestigious law degree from London University. Now, what's on his way to the law school. Self-discipline is key to outstanding success in anyone's life. The most, that is your value for time. Your value for your desire to go. Drives you to set rules on laws around the world. There is this interesting joke when London one time, my friend and my wife were going, they said we're going for sure. I'm not going to say no, we just a moment will be there. So they go there and say, can I excuse myself? You go for shopping. I have things going here. I was staying in the car. I have the key. I locked myself inside. The car is running. The AC is working. When they came, but they had to knock. I wasn't sleeping. They had to knock for me to open for them. I had drawn so much value from that time. I was going about that. I don't have to buy anything. There's nothing I'm wearing that difference here in Nigeria. When I buy somewhere else, I'm distorted to the market system. Some of them are going to buy and get to sell. I never got the buy house to buy from somewhere else. Then we buy what they want to sell. I found out they're shopping more in Lagos, only once in my life. That was 1990. I stood in front of a counter last 1989. Banking counter. There's nothing I want to get. I can send for it. Give me check if they check the need. Anything they need. But they can't need me. I'm not a plan to borrow you. What's really here before? Life is all about you finding your values. It's time to buy them. Time is another set of equality. Why some invested? Multitudes. Squandite. Benjamin Franklin said. Doth. Dough. Love. Life. Best time. Don't squandite. For that is the stuff life is made of. Invest your time. Don't squandite. It's one of the characteristics of high-level self-discipline. Highly disciplined people have optimal value for time. And then devote to make the most of it. I said they are self-disciplineists operating without requiring supervision towards the delivery of the given task, like in the case of David. He was there with the ship keeping watch over the ship and no lion or bear can come across it and destroy them. He had no supervision from any source. See how the quality of the slide became. That is the power of self-discipline. Examples that would apply to us as young people youth growing up. Including examples of fellows like Joseph. He was 17 years when he began to face the disease of life. While this came true by the evident virtue of self-discipline. When Portifas wanted to floor him, no. I can't do this and sin against God. In the prison, the most respected prisoner, Yovakomakros. Whatever was done in the prison, Joseph was the dweller of it. He was a youth like him. He saw how they corrected it. It's destiny became. Nothing got missing in the house of Portifal. He entrusted all his assets into his hand. Self-discipline. He never attempted to flee. He gave up to his country. Self-discipline. He never took it out on his brothers who sold him into cities. He slavery. Self-discipline. Think of Daniel as for these four children. And they were children. But the purpose in their heart was to fight them. Self-discipline. They were just unique. They were out of the box. They were not in general of the youth of their days. They were corrected and distinguished. The four of them became. The value of self-discipline is inestimable. Take of Nehemiah. Highly disciplined individual. You can read this story. And for the apostle, I put my body on that. I bring it into subjection. So I can achieve my goals. Self-discipline. First Corinthians 9, 24-26. This is why everyone is absolutely responsible for the outcome of his life. Everyone. Young people, success is not transferable. Look at the inherited. Every successful man has to earn it. The success you don't earn you cannot sustain. Waiting for the inheritance of your father. He's selling out your destiny for a muscle of meat. If your father is a professor, of renown, there is no way you can inherit that status. You try to do that. You'll be charged for impersonation. You end up in prison. That illustration shows you that no matter how accomplished your parents, it's not transferable to you. What you don't earn, you cannot sustain. A good friend of mine, professor Jeloso Kugi, who says something. He said, You can't prepare the future for your children. But you can't prepare your children for the future. Look at many great names. With great fortune. I've left here living a fortune for their children. There's quant I before. Their body is composed. There's quant I did for the body to compose in the grave. Finish. Begin on the straight. Because you can't keep what you don't earn. With gotten by vanity, shall diminishes. Or with gotten by labor, shall increase. Prove I'm starting verse 11. It is only worth to earn, that's the case for future. Not worth somebody's transfer to you. We are people of equal destiny in the faith. As many as predestinated, as called. And once he has called, he has justified. And once he has justified, he has glorified. We are an equal destiny in Christ. The difference is how much we engage with the truth. That empowers the fulfillment of our glorious destiny. We need to engage. Otherwise, just be there. This is so important. And we must have to engage with this fact. Self-discipline is a requirement for our standing accomplishment in life. And it's all about efficiency of management and efficient time management. Those two major characteristics define what they call self-discipline. It's efficient, self-management. And time. The story was told of two high school boys. They grew up in the same environment, went to school in the same place. And now, after high school, each one went his way. One was working from one fast food store to one restaurant, another store. And after 18 years, he was still worth 7,750 an hour. Now, his companion, one year after a living school, had read 600 books. How many? I don't care whether it's a pamphlet or what. His read 600 books has developed capacity. By the time they made, the storyteller said they were continent apart. The other young man was developed capacity through a voracious reading, culture made possible by self-discipline. It was worth 200,000 an hour. Where the other one was worth 7,50. Jobbing from one restaurant to another, and questioning how to eat free. People work in restaurants eat free. You have to eat or to go. So it can be sure it's not poisonous. So they eat and they eat a lot. So, if you have been kicking with 10 people, you are feeding about 50 people. Because we eat one and they have to be able to afford that. You know what? There's 18 for free all about. And selling off is destiny for nothing. He had not bought that for food because he eats free. Even when it's not on duty, he goes there to buy and see how they are cooking. As an experienced cook or steward, why someone else was building capacity behind closed doors through the dent of self-discipline? We need to get acquainted with this. That we are only classmates in school after school there are no classmates. Each one finds his class. And self-discipline is what defines the limits of what class we find ourselves. My prayer this morning is that no one here will waste his youth. And no one here will waste his life. It's a lot. It takes discipline to make the most of anyone's life. It takes high level discipline. You some be out of here and nobody's running after you. You can't sleep. You have hours in there. That means by the time you are 17, you have slept for 35 years. You are unconscious for 35 years. Even when someone is sleeping only 3 hours. When you are 8 hours, only 8 hours. He slept only 1-3 hours. So it's between you. So many are 26-16 hours. They can't get the same result. They can't look at the same result. At this month called Benjamin Franklin, there are two years from education. Or rather do without food. And spend that money to buy books. And develop the future. And aspire to see. It's not enough to see the future you desire to see. It's important to be willing to pay the price. To realize it. He literally taught himself how to read and write. And what is a liberty. What is destiny. Today there's Benjamin Franklin Day, recognized in America. He grew to become a foremost philosopher. A diploma. An education. It is such a diploma. Mark Faraday was a lab attendant. Developed himself to a point where he became the envy of his professor. And at his journey, recognized as a man of science. Great name. Out of self-discipline. Anybody can make anything out of his life. If it's willing to pay the price for it. The busier you are, the freer you are from the evil vices of the day. So, it goes beyond just accomplishing your goals. It protects your life. From the divorce. Therefore, everyone must rise to take his destiny in his hour. We all know that he has made up of only 52 weeks. And the week is made over 168 hours. That one year, therefore, it's made up of 8,736 hours. It's not that long. No one has a million hours on earth. It was 100. Full and gauge life is still less than 1 million hours. Let's wake up. And take responsibility. The worth of any life is a function of the worth of his time. Talk about any life time. What his life, his time, was worth while he lived. Quality time investors usually answer as news makers. All smart time investors more from the north end up as stars in the face of individuals. That's why those who make news hardly watch them. Their time is invested making news for those to watch, to have what to watch. The playboy magazine wants us to get. We hear you don't watch TV. He said no. I'm not a man to the news of TV. I just try to avoid it. But I've no satellite wires. That's when I cross my house. Those who make news hardly have time to watch them. Their time is who they invested in making news. That those who must watch as their own calling in life. We have what to watch. Most cases those who stay by the news hardly have their names mentioned. But they are some people turning on to go to bed. They wake up in the morning. Maybe they want to ease themselves. What's happening in Spain again? In Senegal? What's happening? So you don't have to do nothing. So I will show you the phone in the night while you're asleep. Another will leave you on silence. So it can be interrupted five times this time tonight. Hello? Hello? Or wrong number? It's not necessary. There is nothing ex-outnady on his own. It is man's ex-outnady input that makes it so. There is nothing ex-outnady. Just any dog may be a success if he knows what it takes. That's what the ex-Zigla said. Just any dog may be a success if he knows what it takes. One of my great teachers said, you know, if you fail, it's your fault. And if you succeed, it's your fault. If you fail, it's your fault. If you succeed, it's your fault. And if you fail, it all keeps blaming the successful. It's a lie. Just using some modern method we don't know. I mean, no. You think they're working the night for nothing. They're going for some meetings. That's where they succeed. Okay, follow them. Follow them. You know, you're an investigator. Follow them. Someone says, success is a matter of luck. Ask any failure. Not since concept. He's just lucky. There's nothing there. You know, God, that David is just lucky. Okay, be as lucky as him. One day, once he walks, the focus has his focus. You'll be calling it lucky. The purchasing power of success is universal. There is no developed country that makes with success. There is no developed point that makes with failure. It's paying the price anywhere you are. That means your level of success and life. There is no developed country on this art without successful ways. Who will help to keep life going for others? Who don't know how to make it up? In every nation, there are money lenders and there are money followers. The money lenders are not thieves. thieves don't lend money out. They will ask where they do get it from. No. So it's not about where you are. It's about who you are. Who am I? There is no country of this art. We are self-discipline. We're not acquire success. Access to the top is always at a cost. The top is open on free. But everyone has to make his way there. And the sky is so wide that no two balls ever collide. So nobody's success is the reason for anybody's success. Nobody's success is the reason for anybody's failure. So stop getting angry with successful. Subscribe to the demands. And you'll be as successful as whoever may be. This is a choice to make. And it's a choice of the wise. Is there a way before you live and death? There's an cost in choose life. The dreamy chapter 30 and verse 19. Choose life. Choose life. Life. That both down and I see it may leave. Choose life. Choose to be part of those that make things happen. Someone has said 5 of people make things happen. 25 watch things happen. They entertain by the happenings. And they're hoping 70 don't do anything's happening. And that's what you have today. The race of life. You'll find 22 people playing. When Blitz did your main London is 85,000 capacity. And 85,000 people watching. Yay! Oh, even one straight. Shhh. That man has lost two goals. If I were there, there is no way I will miss it. Because when I put my left, it will put the go-poses. Talk is cheap. So the fans are always more. In the race of life. You know life is a race. I said that you should run the race I said before you. Life is a race. But there are more spectators in every race in the field of sport. More. More. Your stadium may be about 7,000 people. If it's food, there will only be 32 people playing. You can find it. So there will only be 22 people playing. Whether it's food to the floor and all that doesn't matter. Only the two people will play. They won't add more players because the stadium is large. Only 22. All the others. So we won't tear that clue. Make madness. When the team loses a goal or miss a goal. It's no fun ever against a prize. Are you aware of that? No fun has a name. His name is fun. And a fan is for fun. Yes, they say fun. It looks after his own hotel. Best is ticket for every game. And nobody turns with anything. Apart from sometimes it's luck. By the time you are jumping and somebody needs to use his team that lost the goal. He hits you. He says, what are you jumping? Now, decide either to be a player in the race of life or a spectator. Either to be a star player or a fan. The choice is yours. If I may conclude with this. The earlier you make your choice, the better for you.