So now we look at spiritual authority of the Redeem. It's domestic side in the tongue. For those who might not be around in the morning session, a cross-relations of the world, I'd like you to please get back to that. The foundation of our spiritual authority is simple but it's been played down on and people are just busy struggling to make things happen. Yes, it's new bad. But what are the proofs of new bad and how are they found in your life? It's a whole package. So get back there. You can check it out on YouTube and connect with the checklist. So you'll not live a life of vanity without a place in eternity. So vital. After we are born again, our spiritual authority is domestic side in our tongue. Very important, please. I'll give to you a mouth and wisdom that none of the adversaries can resist nor gain say. So our authority lies in the tongue. Look 21 verse 15. The misuse of the tongue has caused untold damages with the lives of people without knowing where their throat is coming from. Remember, we have very dims of sprees and canes and wherever the world of the king is, there is power. Ecclesiastes 8 and verse 4. This truth is translated separately by Jesus. Does anyone say speak the word only? Am I supposed to be here? And if someone was made to say the same power, spiritual authority don't reside in the tongue. Jesus is a perfect example. Now, in John chapter 4, on verse 49, 23, that nobody came to Jesus. Jesus said, go. That's a businessman who had a go back and said, what time was it that he began to amen? In the memory of the seventh hour, the very time Jesus said, go. That's a businessman who spiritual authority is domiciled in the tongue of the living. Young maid arrives. Look at 49 to 54 and she opened her eyes and came back to life. Lazarus comforts authority speaking either was dead, came forth. John 11, 43 to 44. Then there was this white stone and the example said, we are done. We are finished. Jesus arose, I rebuilt the wing and this stone and there was a great calm authority in the tongue. Authority in the tongue. Luke chapter 8 to 22 to 24 and Mark 4, 38 to 39. With authority commanded him, he would spill his and they came out. Luke 4, 33 to 36. He said to the businessman, rise up and take your bed and go home. Mark 11, back to verse 11. When they came to arrest him and John 16, 2 to 4, Jesus simply asked, whom seek ye? They said, Jesus, they fed backward to the ground. No one that could say to pilot, we have no power over me. I'm only fulfilling the will of the father. They have no power. Ask them now. They fed backward. You will smell it. Now if I say it, it smells bad. Authorities don't decide in the tongue or believe us. Now people talk about only on Sunday. Mostly, they talk about Sunday around the church. From Monday to Friday, they start talking child. Child. Child. It's not what you talk in church. Anything you see. Anything of the week. Every I do statement to make. Everywhere you join them to be, to be part of them, you know, actually the economy and the Jira is terrible. And then, well, we are there. We are there. That's after sitting on the spiritual authority fire. It blew it. Everybody in the Jira is struggling. Everybody. The windows in our church, they are struggling. Who told you where they do mind their sleeves? I'm not struggling. I'm not part of what I'm talking about. You better wake up and collect your life. Every I do what a man speaks, he will give a hand on it. Another one came and said, life and death are in the power of the tongue. So, our life is defined by the worships. It's at which of you love life and want to see many days. Give your tongue from speaking guy. Give it. Some 34 percent or 12. Give it. Give it. Give it. Jesus, exercise is authority through the tongue. For example, for example, I will follow any steps. But listen. Only those on the authority can command authority. They are my game. I'm a man on the authority. I said to this guy, go to that coming house. Only those believers on the authority can command authority. The sons of scavenger were not under the authority of Christ. And so, they have no power to command authority. In the name of Jesus, they said, whom for preachers, come out. They say, you, to come to me, will tell you now, they promise on them. Only those on the authority are entitled to exercise authority. First Corinthians 9, 21, he said, to them without the law, ask without the law. They know without law to go, but under the law of Christ, that's all speaking. Everyone that will command authority must remain under the law of Christ. Most lived by the world. Christ is the living world. For the law of the spirit of life, and Christ Jesus are certainly free from the law of sin and death. So, we must remain subject to Jesus to command authority on the earth. That's why the things we said don't come. Because they only come to those who are under his authority. Now, we have the perfect example of Jesus here, in March 26, 39 to 44. It was the hour of temptation. And it went a little further, down there on his face, I'm praying, saying, oh, Father, if it be possible, let this come pass from me. Nevertheless, not as I will, but as I will. A comment on to disciples, I'm finding them asleep, and said unto them, what would be one hour? Watch, I'm praying that you fall into temptation, as we did in this willing, but in flesh it's weak. Now, it went again the second time, I'm praying, saying, oh, my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, then we'll be done. Subject to the will of the Father. Now watch, verse 32, the next verse, I found them sleeping, I slept again for their eyes were heavy, I'm 44, and they left them, and went a way again, I'm praying the third time, saying the same words. It was subject to the will of the Father. No one wants to give from me, said, I lay down by myself. Christ also bident unto death, even the death of the cause, because we are for God as also highly exalted in him, give me name above every name that you know, every name should bow. So in that authority to obedience, it was subject to the will of the Father. When you retire from the military, for instance, you are no longer in command, when you are in office when command, because you are on that authority of that force, when you get off that authority, you lose command. When you cannot be commanded again, you have lost the command. When God swore the stomach any import on your life, you have lost command. When you achieve what God said with liberty, you have lost command. I'm not here, I'm in the race just like you, but whatever God says suits me, he suits me inside out. I've never felt anything negative about what God says. Don't you get out of this country until I tell you to? Yes, sir. When are you going to go out? I'm not thinking about it. I'm not thinking about it. Only those on that authority of the world can command the authority. Somebody's story is changing. For a man on that authority, I say to this one, go it goes. To that one, come and come. You have to be on the authority to command it. And the precious name of Jesus, tonight must mark the end of all arguments against the truth in your life. Thank you, Jesus. I can no more self do nothing. Jesus, as I hear, it's where I joined. And my judgment is true. He does something with me, my father doesn't let me know, because I do always the things that please him. John 829. That's Jesus. The same can do nothing of his own. What he sees the father do, that's also does the same. That's Jesus. And we are showing, I'm trying to tell you that you may all marvel. John 5, 1982. And John 5, verse 30. Jesus operated perfectly in subject to the real father. We have this interesting story here in 4th Corinthians 15, 24 to 25. Then come at the end, when it shall have delivered of the kingdom to God, ever the father. When it shall have put down all rule and all authority and power, for he must reign till he has put all enemies on their feet. The last enemy that shall be put that be destroyed is death. For he that he has put all things on their feet. But when he said all things are put on their feet, it is manifest that is exempted with it put all things on their feet. So God didn't put himself on that defeat of Christ. Are you here when I'm saying? So even in heaven, God is exempted from all things on their feet. That in all things, yoga, go, they have preliminaries. So people react against the truth. They are losing command without knowing. They are losing command without knowing. It's your time for a change of story. It's your time for a change of story. Then we have the example of Peter. He operated under the touch of Christ all the way through. Jesus showed up to a philosophy shaman. Let me help you put and give it to him. He didn't stop me as I know from his workshop, be calcium man, follow me. And he did. He did look five. One, two, eleven. Tadi in Jerusalem, they went there. Who went to countryside? They went there. The rock name emerged is too like a rock on the New York Pentecost. And you find them in fascism the Lordship of Jesus over his life. Jesus whom to kill him has got his back to life. It's his name, I'm by faith in his name, and we do know that we are doing. We are not letting him talk about one. It's everything to us. It's all new put in mind. Jesus Christ makes the whole. It's nothing. I mean, ask chapter 9, but 32, 34. Jesus Christ makes the whole. And it's too long. They call them to come because docas was dead if it put the sample of Christ. And it did examine as Jesus showed them. He put all the people out. Tabitha, docas, come back. And she opened her eyes. She lit her down, and that was a testament. It did examine what Jesus did to the generous docas. It put all of them out. It was on that you have authority of Christ. For the way through. If it be us today, how did this come to be made who asked for land? Jesus came down, I mean, Peter came down and said, for it's a if with this day be examined of the good deed down to them put them out. By what means, it's made who? Yeah, what he said. Be known unto you all and to all the people of Israel that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom God raised from the dead. Even by him. Does this man stand here before you owe you? You find references all of the time. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Only those on the authority are eligible to command authority. A code docas back to life as Jesus called, generous docas back to life and the same resort kept my life at nine 36 to 40. And then we have the example of four. I said this man buried himself under the spiritual Christ. I'm crucified with Jesus. Never the less I live, yet no I, but Christ, I live. I live by the faith of him who died for me. 12. Da Geldeshaun 222. In blush art 31, let's look at it now. blush art 31 to 40, If you will be risen with Christ, seek those things which are about which we are Christ seated on the right hand i know God. Set your effection on Thanks above, not on days only earth for You are dead and your life is hit with Christ and go. Why? Verse 4, When Christ, who is alive, shall appear, then shall you also appear with Him in glory. That's our dead false. In what it said, for me to live is Christ and to die is game. It command such strange order for authority. The devil said, Jesus I know, I'm Paul I know. Are the island of Melitos? They said it's a good order. And as 1411, because I've come down to us in the likeness of men, all usual authority, all usual authority, as 1411, as 28 and as 226. It shook the number of fire, into the fire. And that was it. The winter for him to swell up and die. When the winter he cried, he said, no, no, no, no. This was the number of him and me. Not because I prayed Paul from the love of Christ, nothing. Romans 8, 35, 38. It commanded the vine of authority on the way through. The authority is vested on Christ and Him being raised for the dead. Him forced Corinthians 15 and verse 14. And if Christ be not risen, then it's a preaching vein. And your faith is also vain. Yeah, and we are found to be false witnesses of God, because we have specified of God, that he raised of Christ, when he raised him not. If so be that he did not be raised. And verse 16. For if the dead rise not, then it's not Christ risen. And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain. And you are yet in your sin. Now you see, it's authority drew absolutely from the resurrected Christ. Within two years, the whole of Asia had the gospel, three of men, without any electronic media. And God, especially America, it has a Paul, Israel. Because it was on that, the authority of Christ. You saw in the case of Peter, even the shadow was healing the sick. Because it was on that, the authority of Christ. So enough of from fear. Let's set to down with the truth. And you'll be triumphant without sweat. Let's set to down with the truth. That goes on well. That goes on well. From now, none of the worst of your mouth will fall to the ground again. What is unique about the world that we speak? One, there was to speak, calling divine authority. Therefore beware what to say. What to say is what God confirms. Say no for an idiot or an arrow. Why should God be angry with you and destroy the works of your own? The world should speak, calling divine authority. He gave to us a mouth, a wisdom. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What is unique about the world that we speak number two? What are creative? If you will say to this mountain, be down, remove them, come to the sea, I shall not doubt in your heart. I shall be out, the things that will come to pass. But whatsoever you say, the words to speak are creative. What we said today is what is clear tomorrow. We have got the enemy from the farmer. All that God said, God saw, all that to say, you will see. Caution, therefore, what you said today is what creates your tomorrow. What should be clear today is what you manifest in your life tomorrow? What about you be clear? We will not doubt in your heart, we have created it. Number three, what should think about the what should speak, the what should speak are seeds. They are seeds, they carry the productive capacity. What we say is a seed. And while the earth remains, seed time and harvest are not seeds. In the part about the Suha, Jesus introduced them as the Suha, the Suha of the good seed is an of man. And it's what they are saying, they are saying that you so what to speak, what I speak is a seed. Their harvest is sure. Be careful what to say. Their harvest is sure. Their harvest is sure. I started shouting, there is no difference between the Jews and the Greek, the white and the black, the same God is switched on to all the color upon him. Yes, ago, there were seeds of life that secure a future. The harvest is here. To the glory of his name, they must have built down the church. There is no where in the world. We are a project of the size of the ark. It's taking place any part of the world. Nobody calls to a slave from any of the same world. The governor of the university is 99.99 in the genos. 99.99 without apologies. And looking can cut that anorea, the days to say today, they are seeds bringing harvest in your tomorrow. Caution. Caution. What are we doing? Please listen. Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. Stop your inner man with correct war. Let the one who got which led to hell in your heart. Caution 360, you'll be speaking it naturally. You'll be speaking it naturally. You'll be speaking it naturally. Many years ago, I was in Lifer, and then the footbed, actually, the footbed was very high, taller than my height. The light was really dim. And I was too many start to them. I referenced 63 scriptures without opening the Bible. Those smart young people they went and checked. And they were all caught at the bottom. One of them came and said to me, the young cramps, they said, no, I eat them. Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. We were in India, and then something happened, couldn't get my system out. Where it was wrong me to get from the hotel to the meeting, please, I finished. All right, all right. Let the one who got where richly in your heart, where richly in your heart, your mouth will naturally be speaking it. Your mouth will naturally be speaking it. You can't help me say I am seeking. No, it left the vocabulary of my spirit. Longest time. You can't help me talk about puvati. No, I divorce it. Longest time. Wake up! You can't speak right things with wrong things inside. Matthew 1234, after the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. Luke 645, after the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks. This is why we need caution. The words of our mouth can destroy the words of our heart. We need caution. The words of our mouth can destroy our health. James 3, 5 and 6. James 3, 5 and 6. Even so, the tongue is a little member and both the great things behold, how great a matter a little fire can live. Now, verse 6, and the tongue is a fire, a world of inequity. So is the tongue among the members of our body that defied the whole body, and set it on fire, the cause of nature, and he set on fire of her verse 80. But the tongue can no maintain its unruly evil full of deadly poison, poison. So the word of our mouth can poison our system, can poison our system. Cowsham. Cowsham. Cowsham. Aida, keep this mouth, keep this life. Prove up that in three. Psalm 141, number three, set it watch over my mouth, and the God of my lips will go. No short call. How much of the world we're taking, it means how much of a quality we're commanding with our tongue. I should run up. How do I get the word of God to do it literally in my heart? Number one, give attention to reading and to meditation. First, Timothy four, and verse 10. Give attention to doctrine. Till I come, you have turned on to reading, to exaltation and to doctrine. Verse 15, meditate upon these things, give yourself willing to them that their prophet 10 may appear to all. Second, Timothy two, 15, study to show us up a poem to God and say, oh man, a weapon that will not be ashamed, rightly divided in the world of truth. Please note that its resurrection is what opens our spiritual understanding of scriptures. When it rose from the dead, we are told them opened in the understanding that they might understand the scriptures. Look 24 verse 45. That's just a ratification of what happened while the veil and the temple was turned to join. So in this resurrection power lies our spiritual understanding of the truth. Our keepers in command. Please note that our level of authority is defined by the level of the world at work and not. When the devil came against Jesus on the mental temptation, it is written, well, it is written, well, it is written, well, and then sit and live it. It is the level of the world at work in us that defines our limit of spiritual authority. It is the level of the world at work in us that defines our level of spiritual authority. It is the level of the world at work in us, not in my guess scriptures. The things we have stored up over time as we sit at the feet of Jesus. That's what makes a difference. When my wife says she had miscarriage, I could react why I had absorbed your 32 scriptures that forbids miscarriage and bodyless. From 32 minutes of time, 34 by 7, you shall be blessed above all, no, sorry. What? You shall be blessed above all people, there shall not be men or women, but among you, among your cattle. You should be blessed above all people. I've seen that deliver a miracle before before, so that can be an issue. If you fail in the day of trouble, it's because your strength is small, build strength again the day of trouble. When Dr. Sen, that her daughters, oh, that's what I'm packing up, this isn't what's breaking down, I smile. Those arrows of scriptures who are not that, that then, they are being there in the spirit. Now they are needed, they are being released. We call. We call. Can I tell you where my command of supernatural supply for projects came from? The great Selifah Hashem, the great-grandfather of the former, the silver is mine and the gold is mine, he said the Lord. I'm in custody of it. If I put in the honor of my maroon away, I am in custody of the resources for building the little house. Just be sure it's my commandment. You have committed me. That has given me all the rest in the world forever and forever and forever. It is the level of the world at work in you that defines your limits, spiritual service. So stop him. He wants your spirit. The declarations, he trim already, it was the dimension of depth that he showed me, that made me come up with that conclusion. That is the conclusion. A popular conclusion was on the Nebuproofs over to you. This conversion is making a ton of points for spiritual life. We believe that. Let me have your loudness, amen. Let me have your loudness, amen. Let me have your loudness, amen. Now, it is not just the world that puts in command, but the right world. I'm gonna say the right world. How forcivoo are right worlds. Job 625 is the right world that puts in charge. So young people, listen to me. The Bible says Matthew 11 and 11. Of all one of women, there is no reason, in Christan and John, in baptism. But that is least in the kingdom, in Christan and in. What? That the least in the kingdom is there are no graces in the Old Testament. What? You kithou. That is what that sent me. The great men on the old시an essence is olla upward redemption. You are not permitted to fail. How you shall not fail in life. every seed of Abraham is a global citizen, adding that seed shall all the families of the Abbi blessed, so you are not a global slave, come on now, you are not a global slave, don't destroy your life, no, I'm reaching as I say, actually no problem, and as it went forward, it was strong, it became very great, and the felicitous envy them, your generation will envy you, your generation will envy you, your generation will envy you, your generation will envy you, you can't have these pictures and be playing Kialis Rantau, you can't have these pictures said to them you, and be playing Kialis, Kialis Rantau, no, everything I say, or I saw, and everything I say, but it's not what I saw, they're happening here, they're happening here, therefore in the name of the Lord Jesus, no one will play a wist in here, you will not say your destiny for a Muslim of meat, you will not walk into horror, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, lift up your right hand everybody, and give God help, give Jesus time, I have a quality of my own, every truth and declare with my own God is committed to confirm, what about truth and declare without a doubt in my heart is a chance committed to integrity, give him tongues if you are there, and Jesus, precious name will pray, give the Lord a big hand of praise everybody, praise the Lord, I believe we choose tools that the Lord has put in your hand, from today whatever you say, you shall see it in your life, manifesting in your life, you are thank as the power to create your tomorrow, that is the takeaway for me in this teaching, what is your takeaway, if you're not subscribed to PR on the YouTube channel, please do so on the main ever list.