Can I hear your Lord amen? Praise the Lord. Now we are in a month of faith and it's to everyone according to his faith. Now tonight briefly I'll be sharing with you on something very interesting. What is faith? I have the definition for you, faith is enforcing the will of God by going the ways of God. Faith is enforcing the will of God by going the ways of God. Faith is enforcing the will of God. By going the ways of God. The book in your hand called the Bible is a bank of his will. That book is a bank of his will. The word testament connotes covenant. Covenant connotes will. So it is the will of God that permeates the whole of scriptures. And at the same time it is accompanied with the ways of God. It's the bank of his will. Equally loaded with his ways. So you don't only know what his will is. It tells you which way to go to get across. So faith is not just knowing the will of God. Faith is knowing the will of God and discovering the ways of God and going on it. It's a combination of the will and the ways of God. So the Bible is a bank of his will. Couple with his ways. That's why I said any faith that seeks to make God absolutely responsible for the events of your life is an irresponsible faith. This is his will and this is his ways that guarantee the actualization of his will. We all agree that it is the will of God that not should perish. I many agree with that. For God so loved the world he gave us only because his son, the house of ability, say him, should not perish but have everlasting life. That is his will is with that. He does not desire that anyone should perish but that all should come to repentance. That's his will. But men and brothers, what shall we do? That's what they said in the upper room. And as chapter 2 verse 38, Ampita said to them, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, he said, we shall receive the gifts of the Holy Spirit. He said, repent. Repent. You repent. You believe in Christ and then you are saved. And 3,000 people went and they knew the way of God. They got saved. So it's not just knowing his will. If you don't know his ways, his will will never come to pass. So for every of his will, the hour is established ways for getting across. For instance, the Bible says, is that ask, receive it. He does seek it, find it. And unto him, that not get the door shall be opened. So there is an open God has an open policy to answer prayers. But what way must I pray for God to answer? If we ask according to His will, then he asks us. And if we know that he asks us, then we know that we have received our petitions from him. And whatever you desire, when you believe, until you believe, you never receive. So you know his will, you believe in the answer of his will, and you go to him in prayers and pray in the name of Jesus, whatever you ask the Father in my name. So you have his ways outlined in scriptures to help you actualize his will. Oh, Lord, doubt that answer it prayers on Tudisha or flesh come. So God is a prayer answering God. His will is to answer the prayers we pray. But there are the ways to pray for him to answer. Can I hear you, amen? It can be very frustrating to only know his will without knowing his ways. Because you can see the food as a hungry man, and yeah, you can't touch it. You become a hungry man, you see food that you can access. It's very crucial. So faith is a spiritual device through which we enforce the will of God by going his established ways in actualizing his will. Think for instance, the Bible says, from scriptures, it is not reasonable to give the children's food and cast it out to dogs. In chapter 7 of Mark, it's speaking to the paraphernalian woman. That simply means that every child of God is entitled to health. Amen? And then the woman said, oh, but the dogs can also eat the crumbs that fall from the table. They say, okay, I'll come to your faith. So even the crumbs was able to set that the daughter or the son of that woman free. How much more with the food on the table set all of us free? Now, that means there is every provision for you and me to live a healthy life. He himself took your infirmity, he bore your sicknesses. Surely as bone on our grave and carried our pains, the judgment of our peace was laid upon him, and by size we are healed. Good. But when two blind men came to him, have mercy on our son of David. He said, do you believe that I, the son of man, am able to do this? They say, yeah, Lord. He said, according to your faith, be it unto you. Matthew 9, 27 to 29. So even though it is his will, faith is a requirement for your healing to be actualized. And in Ask Chapter 14, Peter saw that man and perceived that he had faith to be healed. And he said, Jesus Christ makes the home. And immediately the virtue flow. That he perceived that he had faith to be healed. So it may fail to be healed. So you can't be healed without faith. You don't get healed with tears. There are many wrong things we do. Thank you that is to walk it out. Can you imagine putting a wrong key into a padlock? How long will we have to stay? And yet it won't open. Faith is enforcing the will of God by going the ways of God. Faith is enforcing the will of God by going the ways of God. Look at this woman with visual blood. In Luke chapter 8 verse 40 to 48. The Bible said that he has made the home. She came behind Jesus and taught the hymn of his government. And Matthew just freely began to flow into our life. And she was made healed. When she was made holy immediately. And Jesus said that he has made the home. So it takes faith to be healed. So it takes faith to be healed. It takes faith to stay healthy. Not only that life and death are in the power of the tongue. You can't be talking sickness and expect to enjoy health. You talk health to enjoy health. Proverbs chapter 18 and verse 21. Life and death are in the power of the tongue. So you can kill yourself with your tongue. I am sick. And for the sickness is so severe that I know that I can die. Faith is enforcing the will of God by going the ways of God. By going the established ways of God. As enumerated in scriptures concerning every of his will, concerning you. Think of the will of God for prosperity. We know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ even though it was rich. Yet for our sake he became poor. That with this poverty might be made rich. So God has established our prosperity in redemption. Not only that, the Lord of God said, let them shout for joy. That favor is righteous cause. And let them say continually, let the Lord be magnified. We take pleasure in the prosperity of His servant. Psalm 35 and verse 27. So God takes pleasure. God is excited when you are not a prosper. And I wish above all things that down may as prosper and be in the head. Even as I saw prospering. Third John verse 2. Now you see the will of God concerning your prosperity is established. But what are the ways of God to prosperity? If you don't know that you can keep doing any kind of thing. Only to become poorer and poorer by the day. The ways of God. The ways of God. The ways of God. So when you are searching the Bible. Don't only search for the will. Search until you locate the ways that will help you to actualize the will of God. By the oppression of faith. He said, my God shall supply all your needs. How? Because you have communicated concerning giving and receiving. And you have done that time and again. And it's a sacrifice of a sweet smell. Where pleasant and accepting to go. Therefore, my God shall supply all your needs. I call you the richest and glory by Christ Jesus. Philippians chapter 4 verse 15 to 19. So that is the way the Philippians church flourished. They flourished by going the ways of God for prosperity. Communicating concerning giving and receiving. And doing the time and again. Until the cloud is full and the rain began to fall. So if you are not a giver. You may be a resident member. You know what I mean by a resident member. You are in every service before it starts. And you wait after it closes. Until the janitor closes the door. You are still here. That's resident membership. You can be a resident member of a prosperous church. If you are not a giver. You are not permitted to prosper. Now you say you might be a preacher. A preacher is different from giving. Amen. Two different things. You give the world. They will give you the world back. Not the very mouth. So that's a relief. But when you give finance. You get what? Finance is back. Now you might be a singer. That is not a substitute for giving. When you sing to people. They sing back to you. They give you video. They give you CDs. VCDs. MP4. MP10. Any kind of music. If you are so smiling because we are a hospitality group. You know hospitality people can smile. That's part of their trademarks. They smile to welcome you. Welcome. Welcome to our church. You welcome. Come in here. I mean, they will give you smile back. Because when you smile to people, what do they do? When you Daddy will give you underscore gustado. Whoever wants to have apples, what happens? Whatever apple. Whatever apples. That also shall knees. I know many greet preachers in America in the center of prosperity. Who are walu and poverty and I using they ad technique to make hope. Because they refuse to give and God is not a spectre of persons. you are looking at me. It looks very serious. I will see what I'm saying, man. I'll see what I'm saying. So faith is enforcing the will of God by going what? The ways of God. If you are not a tighter, there is no gimmick that can open your heaven. There is no get crashing. If it's like they drive your way to anywhere. But yeah, who are you going to drive to open the gate? Do you know where the windows are? You know the key that opens. Even if you are a master key, if you are a former arm rubber and you are a master key like the one that gave testimony last Sunday, you don't know where the key is. So where will you open it? And heaven is quite some far. I think it's far. They went to the moon. They can't find them. They went to the mass. It's far. So how will you get there now from the ground? And you know, it kept the windows in heaven. If you kept it here, you can go there and break it. It's heaven. It's a proof that I've not opened you the windows of heaven. Haven't want to see the windows of heaven open. Now you see, it's a proof made. That is do what I tell you to do. Don't be running on the floor. That won't open heaven. Now when you roll out your seat, amen. You don't have to shout. Just roll out your seat and bring out your tight. And it said proof. And if I will not, it's the only one that has the key to those windows. It's actually the hand of your pastor so that he likes it doesn't make any difference. The pastor can like when we see before. The pastor has no key to the windows of heaven. You can't open it. Well, I'm sure you go something tonight. Next Sunday we deal more with ourselves. Faith is enforcing the will of God by going the ways of God. Now look at it. The Bible says in 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st  1st, 1st, 1st  For 3, for this is the will of God. Even your sanctification, You see, this is the will of God. Even your sanctification. Now tercerification is what? The will of God. The Bible says sanctify them by thy truth. What are the word? Thy is truth. So you can't be sanctified without the sanctifiers fire. And that fire is the world of God. Now listen to this. We are wish all the young man cleanses his ways. He said by giving heat, they are on to onto their wall. That what have I hear in my heart that I might not say against it. So one one name was seven, I mean verse 9 to 11. So God's word is our sanctifier. It is the sanctifiers fire. It's the refinance fire that comes alive to burn of every chaff in your thought and keep you worthy of his relationship. The dumb matters cleanse her by the washing of water by the water of gold. Efficiency five twenty six. So God's word is our cleansing device. We get cleansed through the wall. And the Bible says watch and pray that you fall not into temptation. Matthew twenty six and verse forty one. So we engage in the world and we engage in prayer to enjoy his will of sanctification. Can I hear your amen? So there is no provision in redemption without conditions to meet. And when you meet the conditions, then the provisions becomes automatic. Think of the world's success. To be successful, what does it take? Well done, thou good and fat food sabbat. You must be good on your job. Come as a good. You must be good on your job. So success requires skill requires what? It requires skill. Where the formerly acquired or informally acquired, there must be skill. To impress your boss who must know your job. Can you imagine a very good driver who greets his boss ten times and greets his boss wife twenty times a day. And when they calling once he understands, but every time he brushes the car, will he retain his job? Will he get a promotion for him? But nobody can't greet anyone in your entire establishment than him. He greets everybody. Where come sir? You are blessed. You are blessed. But to drive a car for which you appoint him, I mean, you are driving more than him when he's cutting you. Stop, stop, stop, stop. Okay, turn to the right. Will he retain his job? Because he's not good on his job. He cannot be successful in that career. Now look at me very well. Many are doing nothing to improve their worth and their assignment. And yet they still want to be successful. There is no future for any career man or woman without acquiring a proper skill for his assignment. Well done. Matthew 25 was 14 to 30. Well done. Dow good. Dow good. I'm fit for seven. Verse 21. You have been fitful over a few things. Now be Lord over many things. That's success. You are getting results in succession. That's the many of success. You are getting results in succession. You are making satisfactory progress. That's what they call success. Such a progress. So he's moved on because he's good on the job and he's fitful in doing the job. So for you to be a real success, you must process skill and you must process integrity. You must process skill and process integrity. Dow good and fitful seven. In any field where you are not fitful, you are bound to fail. You are bound to fail. It is required for stewards that a man be found fitful. It is a principal requirement. That is to be fruitful, to be successful. You must be fitful. If you check good motor mechanics, who constantly change somebody's part and put another man's part there and collect money for new part and buy old part, they are constantly under the very quality of life. On fitfulness, kept them there. Nothing works. You have given money to buy original part for you or something. He has cleaned the same thing and put it back there because you trust him. So it remains at the same spot. Now so to be successful, you must be good on your job and you must be fitful in this doing of the job and what more. See as Dow a man that is diligent in his business, he shall stand before King, stand before me man, he shall be successful. Proverbs 22 and verse 29, there are too many lazy drones in the body of Christ. Very lazy people. Lessy. They are taking cover on their faith, which is fake because faith is enforcing the will of God by going the ways of God. So it takes diligence to be distinguished in any pursuit in life. Well, that is faith. What faith does is to make you share the responsibility with God in delivering the desires of your heart. You share the responsibility with God in order to deliver the desires of your heart. This is my will, yes, and this is the way you are to go if I must make good this will in your life. Somebody is excited here anyway. If you are let me hear you say amen. I just said now that faith is sharing the responsibility with God in order to desire the desires of your heart. Faith is sharing the responsibilities with God. He said whatever he tells you to do what you do, do it. Now by the time he told them to fetch water, and feed the water pots with water. If they didn't do it, would they have wine? Would they have wine? Can you imagine what I said? Jesus, we have wine. He said, feed the water pots. No, no, no, we have wine. Wine we have. We have wine now. We have wine. It's flowing like a river. We have wine. He said, feed the water pots with water. They say, no, master, we have wine. We have wine. Because we have whatever I say, we have wine. Now until you do whatever he says, won't have what to say. That's why Mary said whatever he tells you to do. Whatever he tells you to do, whatever he tells you to do, whatever he tells you to do, did he say, quote it? Did he say, quote it? Is this confessing? Is I decided? Dramatizing? Did he say, sing it? Whatever he tells you to do, sing it? Fetch what a pot. Feel what a pot with water. You get good wine just now. He said, do it. Don't sing it. Don't put it on key. Do it. Do it. Amen. Do it. What am I supposed to do? Do it. How many exactly about faith now? That's what makes it work. Amen. Amen. You are walking into your rems of an ending laughter this year.