Faith is the most contested virtue of the kingdom. And for Jesus' say, when the Son of Man come and shall he find failure, look chapter 18 and verse 8. Why? Because it is the virtue that secures the destiny of the say above or taking the sheet of faith and you'll be able to quench all the fiery darts of the devil. That's what makes faith the number one target of the enemy when out against any believer. When he came against Peter, Jesus said, Simon, Simon, Satan is asked to have you. He wants to dislodge you. He wants to displace you. He wants to destroy you. But I've prayed for you that thy faith failed not. Look 22 and verse 31. Now, that means Satan was after Peter's faith. Until he gets at your faith, he cannot rob you of your place in God. So the subject of faith becomes your for an all-important subject. And it's so clear. Why? Because it is the very substance of Christianity. The Bible says in verse 6 and verse 7, and many of the priests became obedient to the faith. So faith is what defines redemption. It's what defines your place with God. Faith, faith, faith. Now, it's also said that according to your faith, he don't want to you. So faith is what defines the limits of your destiny. Matthew chapter 9 and verse 29. He said, you believe that I, the son of a man, I'm able to do this. He said, hey, Lord. He said, now, therefore, according to your faith, he don't want to you. So every part of this destiny is faith-defined. So to rob you of your colorful destiny has to, first of all, rob you of your faith. Where your faith is gone, your destiny is dead. Is he not also reaching the Joshua leaf by faith? Under this comment, number 42 to kill and to destroy. So he cannot kill until he has destroyed your faith. Romans 1, 17, the Joshua leaf by faith, Galatians 3, 11, the Joshua leaf by faith. Hebrews 10, 38. Now, the Joshua leaf by faith, but if anyone turns back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. The Joshua leaf by his faith. So faith is the life wire of every believer. Faith is the life wire of every believer that tells you how so important the subject of faith is. And he said, above all, taking the shield of faith and you'll be able to quench all the fiery darts of the devil. Ephesians 6 and verse 16. That is one force that confers dominion on your life. And to rob you of your dominion, he must, first of all, rob you of your faith. Galatians your spiritual staff of office. Faith is it. Now, he said, whatever is one of God, overcome the world. And this is the victory. Not a, the victory. That to become the world, even our faith. First John 5, 4. Now, that means, faith is your guarantee for victory in every battle. And if your adversary is the devil, and is the one fighting you, they are nine, then it is strategy for him to aim at your only defense, which is your faith. And I want you to understand tonight, you can secure your faith by moving from where you are to the next level. And that's why I'm here. Amen. If thou can't believe, how many things are possible? How many things are possible? Now, let me treat you to some exciting testimonies from home. You know, the Lord said, this year is a year of multiplication according to the agenda for the year. Restoration. I will multiply them, they shall not be few. I will also glorify them and they shall not be small. And so, how do we get ready, sledding their course, for you shall yet bring forth to the right and to the left? And so, we kicked off a thought service at the faith tabernacle. And for Sunday, we have 20,000 extra. How many thousand? Now, last Sunday, there were 115,000 plus people conveyed by vehicles to the premises, apart from those of us who are resident on campus, and apart from those who came by public transports and dropped on the road and walked in. People that were conveyed by cars, by buses as they give them the torque, they register the number of people conveyed, apart from those who came on motorbike. Now, just by believing that what God said is what God means. God is not a man that he should lie. He always says what he means and he means everything he says. The question is faith to take delivery of what God says. That's why faith becomes an all-important subject. To every one who wants to feel his or destiny in a grand style. Everyone is able to quench all the fiery darts of the devil, push the enemy to silence. Now, there are three. You know, we understand our faith is in degrees. So, let's look at three dimensions of faith. We have the word of faith, the word of faith, Paul said in Romans chapter 10, the word of faith which we preach, the word of faith, which we preach. So, we have the word of faith level, the word of faith dimension, then we have the gift of faith. We saw that in 4th Corinthians chapter 12 from verse 9, talking about the nine gifts of the Spirit, and I said to another faith. So, that is the gift of faith. And then we have the thought degree of faith, which is the spirit of faith. That is the realm of security in the school of faith. When you receive the spirit of faith, because the gifts and the collars of God are without repentos, then your faith is secured. We saw that work in elation. Even in his tribals, it was this wicked. Therefore, I have come tonight to take you through what I have captioned, receiving the baptism of the spirit of faith. That we put you over 24-7. That we put you over 24-7. And this height works. We work by faith. For we work by faith and no by sight. And then we run by gift. After you know, that is you are energized. Working does not need any extra energy. But running does. So we work by faith. We are energized to run by the gift of faith. But we fly by the spirit of faith. Now listen to me. That means, it is impossible for the ego to be threatened by the flood or by fire or by wind, by storm. Now, his job, every obstacle on earth is an advantage to the ego. If somebody here know what I am saying, the ego smiles at the storm because he rides on the storms. No matter how strong a lion, he cannot resist the flood. When the flood came, what the lions were swept off. And the lion is a master runner because he has to run to have food. He should know that and came here. The lion cannot has no power to resist fire. Can't walk into fire. So no matter how hard you run and how gifted you are, you are still not entirely limited. And you remember the Bible say, when you pass through the fire, and through the water, he said, when you pass through the water, you shall not be drunk, and through the fire, the flames are not going to upon you as I have 43, but I want to 3. Now you see, so our challenges are pictured in form of fire and in form of flow. And it takes a flight to ride above it. Somebody is coming finally. By the word of faith, you assess helps. By the gift of faith, you experience victory. But by the spirit of faith, you command triumph. And triumph is having a walk over, and victory doesn't exchange your blows. And you never has the highest blow is declared in winner. But in triumph, there is no exchange of blow. Just like when light comes darkness gives up. There is no way darkness will be seen to light. No, I can't go. As soon as light comes, darkness does work. It goes on. And God intends for us to enjoy triumph. Second Corinthians 2.14 is a thanks be to God, which always causes triumph in Christ. And make it known by us, the sub of his knowledge in every place. When Jesus was been accosted, and they saw the people coming in, and they said, whom sent you this age? Jesus. They fed Bacchord. That's triumph. There is no struggle. They fed Bacchord. When this storm was raging, and they were working more up in the ship, and they just said, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace. And then there was a great calm. That's triumph. And that's what the spirit of faith commands. I want to understand here today, that the only way to escape, the threats of the devil, against your destiny, is to be able to assess the spirit of faith. Paul said, and we have been the same spirit of faith. We have been the same spirit of faith. Second Corinthians 4.13 and we have been the same spirit of faith. We are believed, therefore we are spoken. The same spirit of faith. The same spirit of faith. The church, the charismatic, has moved in the realm of the world of faith for a long time. Some have made some progress into the realm of the gift of faith. And the way it works is this. The gift of faith is all about the spirit, the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of them. That is, you are able to assess deeper levels than the world of faith, which is basically principles of faith. Principles of faith will secure you access for God's help. Now, the spirit of wisdom and revelation gives you access to mysteries that enhances your authority. While you are still command, what the spirit of faith drives you. That is, you are able to practice the principles of faith. You drive the mysteries of the kingdom as revealed to you. But the spirit of faith drives you. If somebody here know what I am saying, Mark chapter 1 verse 12 and immediately the spirit drives them into the wilderness. It drives you. You are not in command. He is in command. That is the realm of sealed destiny. You are working down the realm, you are just free. Because the spirit drives you, you are not in command. Principles of faith, it is you that is working it out. Gift of faith, it is you that is driving it. But the spirit of faith, it is that spirit driving you. If somebody here know what I am saying, well, you are working into that realm tonight. You are working into that realm tonight. You are working into that realm tonight. And it's important for Rosia to note, that this treasure is likely packaged in some human vessels. As I said, contained honestly for the faith that was once delivered unto the saints. So this level of faith has been delivered to some fellows and it moved from those fellows to some other fellows and from those other fellows to some other fellows from generation to generation, the same spirit. Come on now. That's why many never experience that baptism or their life, because they want to assess it as it were directly. This treasure is transferred from one vessel to another from one generation to another generation out forever. That's why the proud and the arrogant may never assess it. He said in Psalm 145 verse 4, one generation shall serve them to another and declare that mighty works. Talking about Abraham, he talks about the faith of Abraham, the faith of Abraham. Now, that was the discovery that the man Abraham made, he made an outstanding discovery on the veracity, the efficacy of faith. Romans 4, 1 to 3, and verse 12, and then, of course, verse 16. He talks about the faith of Abraham, the faith of Abraham, the faith that was walking in Abraham. And I must tell you this, it takes the faith of Abraham to assess the places of Abraham. Because faith was Abraham's secret card for experiencing that dimensional blessing. And it takes Abraham's order of faith to assess Abraham's order of blessings. And let me tell you what the blessing is all about. He said to Abraham, I'm going to bless you. I'll make that name great. And that shall be a blessing. And then he went on a set, and indeed, shall all the families of the earth be blessed. So those blessings are in decrease. I will bless thee. I'll make that name great. That shall be a blessing. And indeed, shall all the families of the earth be blessed. And these shall all, that makes it generational. Amen? That makes it generational. That means, that blessing didn't fail because the faith didn't fail. That blessing did not fail because the faith did not fail. That's the realm of blessings you are entering into tonight. Yes. Can I hear your Lord this amen? Yes. Can I hear your Lord this amen? Yes. So if I were to talk about the spirit of just my mid-perfects, it's already inside some fellows and others who need to tap from it from them. Otherwise, you'll never assess it. Receiving the baptism of the spirit of faith. Remember, there is one faith. There is one God. There is one baptism. Now, so, I mean, it's clear that we're talking about the same spirit. Efficiency of four and five. The same spirit. The same spirit of faith. Talks about the spirit of just my mid-perfects. In Bruce chapter 12 and verse 23, which is too actively working in the church today. He has come to Mount Zion, the city of the living God, the company of innumerable angels on to Jesus, the middle of the New Testament, and on to the spirit of just men, mid-perfect, which is still ravaging the earth today. How do I know? In Luke chapter 1 verse 17, the Bible said about John that he shall go forth in the power and the spirit of Elijah. Generations apart. There were generations apart. But it would go forth in the spirit and the power of Elijah. That is, I'm going to duplicate the spirit of Elijah into him. I'm going to replicate the spirit of Elijah in him. He shall go forth in the spirit and the power of Elijah. You also know that nobody can baptize himself. I may not agree with that. Otherwise, you are swimming. Or diving. Even Jesus said to John, so far he had to be so now, for he must fulfill all righteousness. Jesus could not baptize himself. So it's impossible for you to baptize yourself with this bit of faith. No. When you lay your hand on your head, it's what is inside you. It's going back to you. That's nothing. Amen. You know, when Jesus called me and said to me, I will not have you go like, oh, that's how God never hands laid on you. So you can be filled with the spirit of wisdom. So the spirit of wisdom, I need that was packaged into somebody. And if I like, if I don't like, don't go there. You won't have it. That is my own substation for this treasure which you need for your ministry. And I said, hey, who will lay this hand on me? I said, send for my sub-entrepreneur. I will have him lay hands on you. I shall be filled with the spirit of wisdom. Now God couldn't feel me himself. Is somebody on the sign when I'm talking about? Amen. And believe me, the spirit of wisdom is evident in virtually everything that goes on in this organization. And you know the proof of wisdom? All these wisdom with a place of bliss and all our parts are peace. We are all in nobody, living or dead. Don't call nobody on telephone for any form of aid. Very close to the government in my country, but never a dime from government to anything we are doing. By choice, just blessed. All our ways are with our blessed sadness and all our parts are peace. If I had gone without that, I would have been living in dry life, struggling like anybody else. God couldn't pass it to me. He said, I'll put it in somebody. Go and take it from him. You don't like it? Good. You like it? Good. No question. Can I hear your hymen? Yes. This is packaged already in son-fellows. These treasures are not coming down from anywhere. They already packaged into people right now. You know, the rich food set to Abraham in Jesus' parable about the rich one and Nazareth said, please send Nazareth to go tell my brothers at home. So they won't come to where I found myself. Jesus answered me in Abraham. I said, they have most of these other prophets. If they would not listen to them, neither would they listen to them, but they would wake up from the dead. Let them listen to them. I have witnesses on the earth that have my treasures in them. So if you need it, go to look for them. That's what makes the difference. It is not you going there to collect it is you identifying who already carries it. And if you need it, go for him. Go after him. Let's wait to get it. I came into Higgins' life in 1976. And I saw in him something that I know I needed. I saw a depth of insight. His books are so revealing. And I said, what? His voice is soft, nice less breakthrough. I said, I love this. So I kept stored in him and stored in him. And then, 1986, 10 years after I said, I must not go there. So I went there. I cannot remember the name of your terrorist here. That was from my journal. I cannot remember who sat by my side on the right or on the left. I was so lost with my desperation to assess the treasure in the map. I was so focused, I never entered any store to buy a pain except the bookstore to loot more materials. And in the course of that glorious meeting, I was open to gallery. I wasn't qualified to sit near any way in the front. And I wasn't looking for way to sit any way. I was looking for what to collect. And I was up there in the gallery. And as it was ministries, at a particular point, I saw him transfigured with my eyes open. I saw his face became like that of a little baby. And I saw it were all dripping down from his head and his cheeks to his suit. And something electric was fired into me. And I paused into tears and sobbing uncontrollably. I lost everything you can call dignity. And in the midst of the sorbets and the cries, the Holy Ghost said to me, my son David, the batten has been passed over to you. That was my journey into the spirit of faith. It is what was in A game that I had the privilege to assess and the proofs are all over. And I can tell you, whatever A game represented the generation, that's what I'm privileged to represent to my generation today. Our friends across the Atlantic and America use my books and tips in doing their meetings today. It's always packaged in songfellows and God directs you. It brings them along your path to see whether you need what they call it or not. It brings them across your way to see whether you need what they call it or not. I've been here for 30 years. And 30 years of no stress must be God. 30 years of no sleepless night must be God. 30 years of no reduction in impact must be God. 30 years of expansion upon expansion must be God. Just recently we began facing our new facility, 108 kilometers, 108 kilometers. We have about 300 contractors working on the face. Right now, you do 100 meters, you finish, then you go to the next 100 meters, if you're 100 meters satisfied, then you go to the next one. Stress-free. No reason of all friends. Just the blessings of the Lord. I can assure you that if you connect with this treasure tonight, your treasure will be over finally. One genuine and talented with God is worth much more than a lifetime of struggles. One genuine and talented with God is worth much more than a lifetime of struggles. What does it take there for to assess the treasure of the spirit of wisdom, the baptism of the spirit of faith, what does it take? Number one, identify a career, identify the one who carries it. Because no one can give what it does, no half. It's as such as I have given to thee in the name of Jesus Christ, right? Rise upon walk. Identify a career of that spirit. Only those who have it can give it. You can't give what you don't have. I first identify a career of that spirit. You don't go to a vegetable market looking for beauty materials. No. God, identify who has it. That is the beginning of your journey into it. Identify who has it with proofs. Does he have it? Where are the proofs that he does? Identify a career. In Matthew 25 verse 9, in the parable of the 10 virgins, the wise told the foolish, lest it be sufficient for proofs, go to them that say, I'm by for yourselves. Go to them that say, I'm by, go to where you can get it. Or it represents the spirit, isn't it? Go to them that say, I'm by for yourself. Go to them that say, I, I, I perceive therefore that those foolish ones stop at the gift level. Why the wise one went forward to the spirit level? And so the supply is there. Because the spirit symbolizes a running river. What is it? It's a running river. It doesn't drive. It's somebody here I know what I'm talking about. Go to them that say, I'm by for yourself. So the first thing is to identify a career. Identify a career, the one who has it with proofs. With proofs. Ninety-five, I spent a lot of my time studying George growth by a young mature, because he has it. And I needed to find out what he must have found. So I took a lot of time studying it. Identify a career. That is wisdom step one into your journey of the baptism of the spirit of faith. This year in Lagos, we have multiplied our cell system to 4,000. We have added 4,000 more, generally to April. Now, before we did that, we got home successfully, successful home service by a young mature, and gave it to our 400 pastors. And then we had a review. And so we knew where we were going. Identify a career. And then go after it. I saw what I needed in again. I went after it. And I got it. Identify a career. And go after him. Peter says, as I have given to you in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and work. Rise up and work. Identify a career. Number two. Corvette. What he carries. Corvette. Corvette, what he carries. First Corinthians 1231. He said, Corvette, honestly, 1231. Corvette, honestly, the best gifts. First Corinthians 1231. Corvette, honestly. And you know, he said, contain, honestly, for the faith that also delivered on to the saints. So one of the things we are there for to, honestly, Corvette, is the spirit of faith operated by the saints ahead of us. Can I hear you, amen? Corvette, honestly, the best gifts. And he said in Jude verse three, honestly, contain, or convert, the faith that was once delivered on to the saints, honestly, contain for you. Kenneth, again, once said, he said, many people have asked him, upon whom, upon whom fell the mantle of Wigusworth. He said, well, I cannot tell. How many? But I do know. I read, I read, or that was ever written by him, until something from him robbed him on me. So again came, we are in the mantle of Wigusworth. And David came, we are in the mantle of again. And I can't tell, we are Wigusworth, also got the mantle of Wigusworth. Somebody, every man to less person here, must strive to catch a man to hear tonight. Yes. You believe that? Let me hear your Lord, as amen. Yes. So it passes from one generation to another, that is by God's ordination. It passes from one generation to another, covet it wherever you can find it. And this word, covet, does not mean just desire. It means a desperation, using spiritual, prescribe spiritual forces, such as prayers, and pastors, and such things from their materials. And such things, they said, oh Lord, my God, I live with my sickly, my soul, tested for thee, and my flesh, longed for thee, in the dry and dusty land, we are know what I is, to see thy power, and thy glory. Some 63 verse, one to three. You never, never encounter any treasure of the Spirit without the desperation. Oh, every man that tested come ye to the waters. Oh, every man that tested come ye to the waters. Oh, every man that tested come ye to the waters. John 7, 37 to 39, talking about the Holy Spirit. Every encounter with the Spirit is preceded by a genuine test, a genuine test, a grave of the heart, a cry of the Spirit. Somebody came from South Korea sometimes to a church, some South Korean people, and he said, this church looks so much, so much, so much much more like a church! He said, we are coming from the same place, we are coming from the same place. Our first time, is that I see a statue, I see a statue about 30,000 people in church see a statue in the money, and you know what the canal land is, and now I'll fight away from time from everybody. This month we started counting up to 24,700 plus vehicles in our premises. Bosses, does people move? If you want it, convert it! Covert it! Don't just wish it! Covert it! If wishes were horses, only beggars were right! Covert it! Without a genuine task, it is impossible to assess any treasure of the spirit. It is impossible! It is impossible to assess any treasure of the spirit. There must be a desperation. There must be a desperation. It is a gift of God, but it is packing in some man. He said, I want to put you in remembrance to steal the gift of God I was in you, which was given to you by the Putin of my hands. It is a gift of God. But it has to be passed down to you through me. That's what Paul was saying to Timothy. Second Timothy is one, six, and seven. It was passed down through him to Timothy. It was the gift of God, yes. The treasure from him, yes. But it was passed down from him. Somebody is catching something here this morning. Covert it! Then number three, engage in a soul tie with the carrier. Say it was a soul tie. Engage in a soul tie with the carrier. A soul tie with the carrier. If you check the story of the young man called Joshua, Joshua was not the only young man with Moses. But it was the young man with a difference. He was so connected to the soul of Moses that why others go to sleep? He will hang around where Moses was. He will hang around there. He will abide still in the tabernacle. When the spirits came upon the 70th, they were prophesied. Two of them were prophesied. They said, no, no, no. My Lord, Moses forbid you. And Moses said, envies thou for my sake. Now, remember, Joshua is the son of non. So he has a biological father. But his soul was lit with the soul of Moses. Engage in a soul tie with the carrier. Just like there is no access to the water from the tank without a connection of the pipe to the mains. No matter how much treasure is loaded in the tank, there must be a pipe connecting you before the pipes can run. So without connecting your pipe to the carrier, the treasure can pass down to you. Somebody here, what I'm saying? Remember, Elijah said, when Elijah said, go back from the echo that sent me to Gilgah. He said, as the Lord, live it. And as that is so, live it to which I am connected. I will not leave you. Second, Kings chapter 2, verse 2, verse 4 and verse 5, repeated. As the Lord live it, and as that is so, live it, I will not leave thee. And as that is so, live it, I will not leave thee. Proverbs 27 and verse 19, he said, as in water, face answers to face, so the heart of man to man. So what passes down to you is by the connectivity of your heart to the carrier. Proverbs 27 and verse 19, there must be a spiritual connectivity to the carrier. There must be a spiritual connectivity to the carrier. There must be. Now, when they told, they said, those mocking sons of prophets, you know, were mocking Elijah, do you not know that the Lord will take your mother from you today? He said, I know it, hold your peace. I know it, what? Hold your peace. When the eagle eagle was about to fly to heaven, the Lord came down and told me in Nigeria. It says, someone as close to you as your cloth is about departed. And I said, would that be my natural father? My biological father, he said, no. I said, again, oh, Jesus. And I told my wife, again, it's about to fly. We must rush down to America now. And God, a homeless girl, we go to America, and he can have flown to Canada. Can't you see a false prophet? Somebody is going to go and then look, God, he has gone for a minute. Well, but I knew God told me that he was about to go. Three weeks after, the eagle flew. No sickness, no disease, no nothing. My soul was tied to his soul until now. Until now, God told me, direct. That was the soul tied to us. A soul tied brings you into the dance of the man. Hallelujah. He went into glory in a grand style. He was carried as well with the casket of fire, like a legend. No pain, no strength, no sickness, no disease, no line down. He walked his way till two weeks to the time. He was gathered for the next meeting. When on the dining table, he just looked at the wire with the grain. And sunk. That was the same way as it was. Now, we go so fast. Don't you know that they are baptized of Christ, are baptized of his death? Oh, Jesus. I leave that message for the next time. I like it on the stand. This is so important that you know, that you know, that you know, that these treasures are available, but there is how to connect with it. There must be a spiritual connectivity between you and the carrier. Just like the fire must be connected before water can run through. The top. The fire must be connected. Up to tomorrow, I've not found the first thing wrong with against ministry in my life. I've not found it. I've not saddened anywhere in this world where he was maligned and I was present. I can't be sloppy for it. You are touching my sensitive part. That's where I have drawn my life from. Apart from Christ. I've never thought of him in my self in privacy. Can I take it? You know, we'll be with me this coming week. Just passing by and not. And they say, it doesn't need to see me if I'm not a man. It doesn't need to see me on this way. Or that when we meet apart from the color of the skin, there is no difference. It's one huge family built by God. There must be a soul tie. A soul tie is what guarantees the flow of the virtue. There must be a soul tie. There must be a soul tie. And then, of course, number four, there must, I mean, you have the added advantage of the fatherhood tie. Like I say, fatherhood tie. Fatherhood, because the biological DNA, the natural DNA of a father is automatically replicated in the children. So the fatherhood tie is the ultimate of all connectivity. It is an inseparable connectivity. Even if you say you disown your father, the Jesus is in you. I don't know whether you want to sound outside. When fatherhood is genuine, transference of spirit becomes automatic. Transference of what? Spirit becomes automatic. When fatherhood is genuine, transference of spirit becomes automatic. It becomes automatic. It's there, not by mouth, but by books. Glory to God. One of my friends in America, big name in ministry, he said, the first time he picked one of my books, he got it and read it, he said, no. This man must be connected to it. We had a great man, very close to our ministry, Dr. Jofflen. He read four of the books, he said, I could see the spirit of egg and rubbish in the bridges, yet he never knew of my story with egg. As at the time it was sent out. It's naturally replicated. Now listen to this. Today in Nigeria, my father and the Lord's ministry, and our ministry, command the largest gospel nested in Nigeria. The Redeem Christian children and the winners family. We command the largest Christian estate in that country, in terms of size and spread. Sometimes last year, the federal government of our country decided to honor so many individuals sitting in the nation for their contributions to the nation by naming some streets after them in a federal capital territory. And so his name was there, and my name was there. Now, so he now called to congratulate me. He said, he was calling me from America. I said, I saw the news that they have named this street after you. And I smiled. I said, you see, it is sauce that defines size. The child of an elephant was not prey to be big. The genes of bigness is innate. Somebody bless here. Now, so if your son's ship is genuine, if your daughter's ship is genuine, then the genes of the father are naturally replicated. And you are not struggling for it. There are few Christian literature hours, palm, the entire hour, in this faith movement, like a literature subterm. A child came to light, and not Carolina, by studying the chapter by chapter of the books. They just started their home study, and the child grew to 150. In America, and the man is a businessman, I say, what am I doing with this? How do I do this? I tell looking for how to help, how to get help. Just by starting. In a university in America, a professor of big one of the books said, no, no, no, this needs to be examined. So if they began a Bible study, in the university. Now, that is the spirit of a game being replicated. I haven't paid nothing for it. Please understand what I'm saying. When they say go to them, they sell them pie, not with money. Do you remember these elements, or whatever it's name, these Simon, the great who wanted power, and they offered money to Peter, that gave me some of these powders. So if I leave my house, I won't come and receive the Holy Ghost. He said, your money, paid it with you. For you think you can pay the gift of God with money. I never gave 81 times. No. But my heart. Went after him. They don't, you can't assess the spirit of faith by money. I think that should be clear. I hope the money is not asking us to give him money. He's going to say, come and buy it. No, no, no. You cannot assess it. I never gave my father in the Lord a dime when the spirit of wisdom was transferred by God. You know, it is God who takes it from one person and put it on the other. So there is no way I can use my personal initiative to pass it to you. He said, I will take the spirit of wisdom upon you. Numbers 11, 24 and 25. And I will put it upon the 70 elders that they may be at the body with you. So it is not my personal property. I'm only a pipe through which he distributes it. Can I hear your email? For the master distributor is God. So that you are close, you are tight. It doesn't mean you have it. The man knows, God knows who qualifies for it. Then it takes it from you and place it on them. Somebody is catching something here tonight. I'm sure you know now that there are dimensions of faith. There are dimensions of faith. Now listen to this. We sat down in a meeting and I was getting ready to enter into the meeting in 1996 much. And the Lord spoke to me, it's time to get the aircraft. Time to get the aircraft. What name is it? How much was it cost? I had no idea. Now so when you find yourself being driven into ramps of your known is the spirit of faith at work. And I came down from my office and after the teaching that Saturday morning, not Sunday morning now. Saturday morning. And I said, God, I spoke to me on my way down here and it's time to get the aircraft. Now let's give. Nobody could ask me what is the name of the aircraft. How much was it cost? Nobody could ask. The spirit of faith drives you. Well, to call the long story short, we took an offering, relaxed offering, no pressure. If any man gives a gun to what he has, I said it that day. He's accepted, but not a gun to what he has not. I said, God, it's not a need. So, the game does the last offering we took before the aircraft. Cash. People we bought from were confused. They don't pay cash. They say, no, we don't pay anything on credit. We pay your cash. No, it's a guy. Amen. Now we have bought two aircraft since after that. I don't mention to anybody. They said, okay, we just got another aircraft for his gun. And then another time, we just got another aircraft for his gun. Somebody's blessed. That's our address, people. How could you, if you are to name your right mind, if you are in command, come to announce that a 50,000 seat auditorium, whose design was not already, would be dedicated one year from today. That must be madness. Of a strange order. That's how the spirit of faith drives people. It said September 18, 1989, you would be dedicating the faith tabernacle. 50,000 seat auditorium to them. Now, as an architect, that's a technical abuse. That's a professional misconduct. Because it is not feasible by any pigmentation of imagination. It is not. Now, after the drives, we need to go and get approvers. When cost is forget about anything. Nobody could ask where is your approver. Can I tell you this? We got the approval of the building for that facility. Two years after, three years after. Until we saw somebody, nobody asked. Nobody could ask where is the drawing. And it was an experiment of it. It was an historical experiment. International consortium companies were committed to take snapshots, on this path, they couldn't believe it. So, technically, they are proving authority to love satan and finding out and finding out before they ever approve it. But it's time they are today. It was completed and dedicated on the exam date. That's the spirit of faith. So, your inheritance is limited by the dimension of faith. That you operate with. So, if you stay at the word of faith level, that limits your assets to inheritance. That is what God intends to do. But, can your faith carry it? So, look, the capacity of your faith is what determines your assets to inheritance. That's what God intends to do. For instance, when we knew they got married, they got on a mission field and traveled out and came back and my wife told me that she had miscarried. I had no premonition. Nobody told me before. And my response was simple. It cannot happen. Can I have my food please? Now, it ended. There are no more efforts. No discussion. No meditation. No nothing. It ended there. That's the spirit of faith. Now, listen to me. We were going to start our Bible school in 1986. And they went to the time my wife out of concern called me. And they said, this quiz is summing us week. And we don't have a place for them to resume yet. And I respond that. Is it your school? No. That's the spirit of faith. It speaks. It speaks the unspeakable. It speaks the unspeakable. It delivers them possible. As I said that immediately my eyes opened up. And I saw a particular facility on a particular street. And the law said to me, that's the building for the Bible school. The quiz resume next week. So I got to my office and I called one of the staffs and said, you go to so and so place. There's a church here. There's one building. There's three story building on the opposite side. That's where the Bible school would be. Now before you go there, the owner was standing in front of the building. And I met him. Hello sir. Are you the owner? Are you the landlord of this building? He said, Jesus is the landlord of the church. He said, we need it for Bible school. For Bible school, then it's free. We got it for free. That's the spirit of faith delivering your inheritance. Can you catch the difference between the world of faith now? And the spirit of faith? Now we are not courting scriptures. We are just picking mysteries. The spirit of faith speaks mysteries. Inexplanable statements, it speaks mysteries. It speaks mysteries. We set out this year to plant 2,000 churches. How many? In Egypt. And then we have crossed 1,400. The year is just me. Never a history of church work. Have I read anything like that? What if you say so? Your multiplication now. You have proteology. Plant in this number of churches. Let's go. The spirit of faith first fully delivers our inheritance. Can I hear you, amen? Somebody's destiny is taking a new shape. We have struggled enough at those 2 order limited levels. Come up either. And now we'll show you the things that we grow tomorrow. Something is working already in you. This treasure passes down through 2 main channels. So it made 2 main channels. First, by the words, by spoken words, come as spoken words, by spoken words. The words from the career convey the treasures in the career. My spoken words is equal to 2. And the spirit entered into me when he speak unto me and set me up upon my feet. What I saw in toss and entities was the spirit entering into me as again was spoken. Somebody heard what I'm talking about. By spoken words. When I say spoken words, it covers all mintier through which you communicate. The words that we speak, whether print or electronic media. In Isaiah 34, verse 16, it says, seek the art of the book of the law and read. None of this shall fail, neither shall anyone to admit. For my spirit it has gathered them and my mouth it has spoken them. So what to have in written form was spoken by the mouth of God. And that's why the spirit of the spoken word is in the written word. Can I hear you, amen? So you can be imparted and baptized through the spoken word. Whether by tape, CDs, DVDs, televisions. And the print media. The spoken words packaged in writing. It's a verified challenge through which men can be baptized into the pleasures in another. Can I hear you, amen? I got baptized into Copeland in 1982 from the books of Gloria and Kenneth Copeland and studying and searching and desperately seeking for whatever thing has torn their glorious destiny around. I wanted access to it. And I gave myself a three day time, waiting and fasting and searching. The Bible and from the books and on the third day, book, something landed from heaven. And the spirit entered into me when he spoke unto me and said, me up for my feet. Why bit, I expect this word in the house of Cornelius. The Holy Ghost fell on all of them, the heart. So impartation can be experienced through the spoken word. As chapter 10 and verse 44, impartation can be experienced through the spoken word, impartation. You can slot in the video, slot in the DVD and anything. And then you find that in the midst of something. Just poop, landed on you. I've received that separately from time to time. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. And of course, the second which is the one people's crumble for all their life, is through physical contact, through physical contact. That is limited because you may not have access to such individuals. By a virtue of where you live and where they are or by virtue of your schedule. If I were waiting for the day, I would meet Copeland. I would have wasted my life. I saw that he has the proof of what I'm looking for. So I went after it from his writings. And blessed God, I caught it. Can I hear your email? I've been following Copeland since 77. We only had the first one on one meeting in 2007. That is solidly as well. I've been wasted. Waiting to catch up with him. But I must tell you this today. No one replicates the grace on Copeland on this hour today. If they're up, maybe I don't know where they are. As much as I'm privileged to access. As a mother of father to our open one meeting and after the meeting he said, you see, David, the Holy Spirit just spoke to me, that all the suits I came with for this meeting, as you pass them down to you. And I said, that must be a mantra. He said, you got it. Because I know you got so many suits. And can you understand what I'm talking about? The suit fits 100. No, I just meant of nothing. Fits 100. Today we are building a hangar. At International Airport in Lagos. No other ministry. None has tried it. But Copeland has it. And can you demonstrate what it is? It's costing us nothing. Costing us nothing. Something must turn in your life today. At the end of the day, it is who we answer for yourself. So I want to be very connected to that. Because something is already happening. I've not come here to tell you stories. I've come. He said, I long to see that I've been part of some spiritual gift story. And that it may be established. I want it to be established. Not off and on. I get my life to Christ 41 years ago. 41 years after the story is getting bright about the day. God is not the God of ups and downs. Just connect with what makes it work. What stabilizes destiny. And that's all you need. Please recognize that you can connect with the baptism of the Spirit through the spoken words of the anointed. Those who carry it, can pass it down to you by the spoken words. Somebody was reading one of our books. A note for something. The Sun in the anointing. And in life's fight, I came out of my ears. Life's fight, I came out and the plague ceased. A woman was sitting a book in French, one of our books, within invisible battles. And had been having a companion and an invisible companion. That makes nothing work in our lives. She would feel somebody moving around. She would feel there's nobody. But before getting to half the page, that's when they're left. And had destiny opened up. Friends, God hasn't changed. God hasn't changed. God hasn't changed. And today will mark a turning point in your life. Physical contact is a very limited avenue because of access to where those fellows live and access to them when you get there in case somebody arrive in Lagos now looking for me out. And it can't tell when I'm coming back. And then it has to be pulled back to work. So it has to fly back again within its time. That these things are available through other means. When you have that contact, great. But your faith contact is the key to access it for somebody's experience. And I see you are accessing that right now in the name of Jesus. However, physical contact does not mean somebody may hands on you. It could be physical presence. What do I call it? Physical presence. Physical presence. It just happened to it. Well, they threw a dead body into the circle of Malaysia and it tore the drabos of a legia. Malaysia, it revived. I stood on the right on his feet. Of Malaysia, it revived. There was a time I was told that if a couple and one stayed in a particular room and then when we came into that place, this was the room where a couple and stayed. Last time I came around here three years ago and I got so excited. So we entered the room, my wife and I said, Jesus, whatever makes a couple and a couple. That is not working in my life yet. I assess it tonight in Jesus' name. I said, a couple and still alive and aware. Even when Malaysia died, the gift inside him was able to see generate effect in the dead body. How much more for someone that I still live in. In the night, I slept and I saw an unputited hand. And the hand was rotten. I saw worms coming out of it because we're not being healed. I'm compassion cream. I said the name of Jesus. And the brand new heart grew up. And the Lord said to me, in that vision, I have brought you to the creative realm of your ministry today. Friends, physical presence. It's an avenue for tapping into the anointing, for receiving the baptism of the Spirit. And I believed that today somebody's receiving something. Read right here. Yes. Here I mean, my eagerness is to see you exceed wherever we stop. And accept to carry what we carry. You can't see what we see. The joy of every true father is to see his children. Exceed where he stops. The ones I've been privileged to tap into must be rejoicing in heaven. Some of them I've gone to heaven because of the reality of the replication of the grace. I am content. And let me say this to you to be very clear. In the Old Testament, Elijah must die before Elijah appears. But in the New Testament, no. Why Jesus was still here? You are supposed to already manifested. There's an evil devil who are subject to us in your name. So it's Elijah's who are in operation. Why he was here? Can I hear your loudness, amen? Copeland is alive and I'm alive. And the duplication is clear. Aking was here for a long time after that deposit came. And so he saw the reality of it. It's lifetime. Elijah does not have to die before his grace is made manifest in your life. Therefore here tonight, everyone that truly desires a baptism of the Spirit of faith will receive it in the name of Jesus. Receive it in the name of Jesus. Good caution. Faith as a treasure demands a good conscience to function. Demons what? A good conscience to function. Hold them faith and a good conscience which some thought may not be relevant. And for that reason, I've made a shipwreck of your life. First Timothy, chapter 1, and verse 19. Hold them faith and a good conscience. Many people want to function in the realms of faith without a good conscience. It's impossible. You say one thing here. You say another thing there. You can't walk. First Timothy 3.9 He said hold them the mystery as a spirit of faith. Hold them the mystery of the faith with every conscience. Hello. Be all conscience. You are the same way outside us. You are inside. There is nothing you are saying as somebody steps in and you keep quiet and change your tone. Hold them faith. That's where the charismatic eyes are in crisis. The conscience is defied. The conscience is defied. Many are one leg into crisis and are leg into native doctors. Many still go to seek consultants outside Christ. And they want their faith to walk. Many are still trusting in men and making them a fledgier friend. They want their faith to walk. Hold them the mystery of the faith in the pure conscience. A pure conscience. That is the good conscience as the pure conscience. It's an requirement for you to flow in the wavelength of faith. Good conscience. That's one grace you need. That's why I graced one grace I need. The amenities of my life. If faith must continue to deliver my conscience must be properly not short against all forms of defilements. All forms of what? Defilements. Against all forms of defilements. That's so important. That means it takes a good degree of concentration for faith to deliver at its optimum. It takes a good degree of concentration. The mediation of your heart and your heart. That means it takes a good degree of concentration. The mediation of your heart and your heart has been accepted to God. They are not saying one thing to bampuzu people and doing something somewhere else. That's not the way it works. Somebody is blessed here tonight. Somebody is blessed here tonight. It takes a good conscience and a good conscience to be in custody of the spirit of faith for the spirit of faith to deliver at its optimum in your life. It takes it. Somebody is blessed already. Can I tell you this with the spirit of faith that I would say these subdued kingdoms? Well in Kenya, the church is rising. The sense of God will begin to subdued the nation by adding supernatural values to the life of people. Repeating the West Cities, rescuing the former desolation. The desolation of many generations. That's where you belong. It takes faith to impact all your nations. It takes faith to impact all your... It takes faith to dislodge the principles and powers that are trying to upset the destiny of nations. It takes faith. It takes the spirit of faith to do that. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. I see by this encounter tonight a new generation order of Daniels are rising. New generation order of Josephs are rising. New generation order of Nehemiah are rising. I see Kenya having a dramatic change of status. I see great inventors rising. I see the spirit of faith moving this nation to the next level. I see the spirit of faith moving the church of Christ and Kenya to the next level. I see great men and women of Espresse rising. I see people doing Espresse doing greater Espresse from hands forward. And I see you changing your level. I see the spirit of faith changing your level. I see the spirit of faith changing your level. I see the spirit of faith changing your level. That's how it works. Amen. Glory to God. Glory to God. So for all those who desire it, I will select it as such as I have given I ought to do it. And in the name of Jesus, receive a baptism of the spirit of faith. August 2001, we walked through the forest, which is now called Covenant University. And then I told the officials, I said this is where the university will start. They say, no sir, it's not possible. Do you know what it costs to build a university system? I said relax. Your job is to give us the license. Our job is to produce the building. He said, our building that we have already seen, not for a good take off. I said, we are not taking off from there. It's acceptable, we can use it, but we will not use it. We are using this place. And this man began to argue with me. And then some peace came. And told him. And then the other said, the other important thing said, you must have committed the same. Well, to make the devil mad, I said, we will not start that building or to secure the license. So we got the license, 12th of February, 2000, and 3, 2009, 2002. And the students are going to the Zoom. That's him here. So I said, we are going to produce the buildings, the host of residents to accommodate 1,500 students. The cafeteria, the faculty building, some staff housing. So we began. By the grace of God, October 21, the same year, we started construction March 6, October 21, we delivered all the infrastructure, all the buildings. And we dedicated the building, the university and the students and so on. I can tell you, you can do anything. It takes the spirit of faith to deal the undeadable and deliver the impossible. Receive that now in the name of Jesus. Now back to you, as a person, the spirit of faith comes fast to millions on your life. All the ones who carry it, they leave a colorful, giant, fun life. You need to see the way we go to our pastor. It was beautiful, full address, in a street pursuit. I'm going in for a marriage. I'm going in for a marriage. I'm going in for a marriage. I'm going in for a marriage. I'm going in for a marriage. I'm going in for a marriage. I'm telling you today, that as this spirit enters you, you never know the meaning of sickness again. You never know the meaning of disease again. Because what's off? All the fairy dust of the enemy is now dwelling in you. So whether you are asleep or awake, it's working. It's when a lion is asleep or awake, it doesn't make him less than a lion. You can't find some goods playing around the place that say the lion is sleeping. So let's have some fun. No, no, no, no. It's a you. It's a you. Therefore from today, every assault of the devil on your life is overfinally. It's overfinally. It's overfinally. Every traitor was required to be serviced to retain its values. If you don't service your vehicle after some time, it will start making it over dead noise. And after some time, you start smoking and creating concern. Every treasure needs to be serviced to retain its values. And now do you service the spirit of faith? It feeds on one thing, the word. What does it mean? You use the word to service this treasure. That is, look, keep on not turning and nourishing that treasure. Polishing that treasure. Everyone was successful like carry the spirit of faith is a word addicted. Everyone that are successful like carry it is a word addicted. Everyone, no leasing man can carry on sustaining. No leasing man can carry on sustaining. I've told people I say, when my time on that is over, they will write more books from my archives than I ever wrote in my lifetime. Because I write every day, because I read every day, and I learn every day. Some things is taught me today, I never had it before in my life. And I was writing up to about 3 am this morning. So every month, so it's not a gift, it's not like somebody buy a new aircraft. It's not enough to congratulate them. What it takes to keep it in the air? We buy another aircraft in two years. It's not, it's not, I'm coming, I'm going. Then we will let you fly out. You get to wear the service DCR to find a lot of aircraft planes there, because the owners don't have money to have their annual check. annual check may take you 700,000. Or 1 million depending on the how the bad state of your people play. So it doesn't happen. So the plane is there, wasting away, and it doesn't matter when you still have to do it. It will all go one place, once you have done it. So this treasure must be surfaced. Some fellows have gotten content and can't tell we did before, but they lost it. It died. It fade. Because it was not fade. Every living thing must be fed properly to stay alive. Everything must be fed properly to stay alive. So the spirit of fed must be fed. With the word, the Bible, I will unknow that word of fed field men and women. fed field men and women. It is a common knowledge that fed men have commanded a great test of esprite or through his way. Fed men. Because it brings God's hand to peer on any man, on our situations. So it takes the word, actively engaging. You are safe in the world to keep that spirit active and alive. That's where it works. My prayer today is that, what to a catcher from here? You will not lose it again. What to a catcher from here? You will not lose it again. What to a catcher from here? You will not lose it again. Some years ago, we were travelling on our plane and then I saw the plane was slowing down in the air and I said, what's going on? So I went to the pilot. What's going on? He said, we just lost one engine. I said, is that all? Okay, you turn back. Let's go back to Legos. And we have lost one engine. They are already sweating. Because when they have not found the cause for the loss of that engine, so the other engine can go off. And if that happens, God helps mess it. But I knew it cannot happen because Jesus was on board. Jesus was what? On board. We were on this mission and so we are entitled to its protection. So I said, make a turn back, man. And let's go. So when I got back to the cabin, I wouldn't tell those fellows with me. Otherwise, they are violent. I may drop the plane. And if somebody wants to open the door and jump out, what happens? So they say, what's happening? I said, we're just talking about to Legos. And I said, have it right. We should turn back to Legos anyway. So we turn back to Legos and touch it down to our parking lot. And after we parked, the second engine, boom! After we parked. Now, listen to me. Throw out the flight. There was no apprehension. There was no sweat. But I asked the fellows. I said, I want to have some snacks. They say, yeah, we like to have some. So they ask us. You see, the spirit of it brings you into a state of rest. What do I call it? A state of rest. The state that believed and entered into his rest. And I've seized from their own walks. It brings you into a state of rest. A state of rest. May you asses that state tonight in the name of Jesus. To God be the glory. to go beyond the glory. Tango for the world of faith, tango for the gift of faith, but tango much more for the spirit of faith. Rise to your faith. Give the Lord a big hand of praise to everybody. Tango for the spirit of faith, but tango much more for the spirit of faith, but tango much more for the spirit of faith.